Sure, it's OK, but I always let the guy ask me.
Hmmm, I'm a guy suffering from verbal abuse from my wife.
You will have more friends that you want... ;)
It's nice, you get to see pictures of who you are talking to!
I NEED TO KNOW WHAT to DO
LOVE ME LOVE ME Oh DEAR GOD LOVE ME!
it could be a word, it would be my singing operation
I like my life with the exception of her yelling and cussing.
I know what that is .
does he have a favourite sports team?
no why he will just do it over and over some more while you are gone.
Well the best way is to say look this isnt working out . I 'm not into this anymore.
no Sister I do think so.
Then kiss her;) works every time bro!!!!
Women mature way faster than men and some men never mature.
and Ever since then , I never bought her another gift.
and if you really want , you can attend her classes with her.
you want until you choose to be wealthy and powerful.
do beg for love , do beg for money and do beg for respect.
But you will definitely know when you are in love!
JUST DON'T BASE YOUR RELATIONSHIP ON MONEY OR MATERIAL THINGS.
If someone asked this:How can I get my boyfriend to notice me?
i can't sign in at the chatroom
you just living with a friend,and I call that friend with rights.
by trying to change yourself...unless you're really screwed up...but the question doesn't really give us much to go on
i ca read his mind , but sometimes we just like to watch.
go to French and listen to yourself.
She knew My ex was married.
Don't care about what people say.
well good luck whatever you do.
As long as it your not my wife ... it's fine with me ...lol ...
because you are still in middle school . I do not suggest dating someone in high school.
If that doesn't work try someone else.
tell him You are getting fired if he calls one more time
then a guy got involved and changed everything!
There's just one of me, but I'm willing if the 4 of you are!
First, they are not BORN that way, no matter what anyone tries to say.
trying a different kind of girl.
this girl and I cross a few lines here and there.
If you really love him , then yes.
dumping him as soon as possible . It is the only thing you can do not be stupid and keep him
i learned to love myself , something I had never done before.
i going to an all guys school and I have been having trouble meeting girls.
3_again don't rush and use words...talk...
you should be playing with dolls
Well... Do you talk to that someone much?
is that considered double dating?even though there is no level of commitment with the platonic girlfriend
its not the size of the boob but rather how well one can carry her boobs . That attractive.
all you got to do is ring her bell !!!
yes, well I guess it depends on the vows.
maybe you be asking where the stds in Ks.
meaning that you do not need to make her as your enemy any more.
then ask her to the next school dance or maybe to see a movie?
Something going on with your friend or hers?
But, do get me wrong , do be a doormat and take the submisive route too some middle ground!
Might not work too well if you're a real wuss though and end up more scared than she is.
I guess that depends on if her and her husband are swingers...
she wants fun that she has an affair with you do get serious with her.
just say that you just want to be friends for now.
Because they're just doing their job!
getting out now while you can
yes if they are sexually addicted to it, but then I would say go to a sex coucenlor.
personally, I think young guys (over 25) are hot!
because boys are not mature enough to know what they want to know what they have.
5' 135 lbs sounds about perfect to me.
Oh, Honey, please see a counselor!
If so, I wouldn't be surprised if he cheats again.
if went with her . Obviously He did care, it was not all her fault.
If she haven't bought it , there is no need to talk about it...
You could try to check there 1st.
If you want one for you , maybe you should try Yahoo Personals, shouldn't you?
First off , you gotta be nice to them and just wait on them.
don't hide anything from him.go ahead and talk to him.
The same things that you look for in a guy...
Girls who ask guys out are ten times more successful than girls who don't.
so person fell in love with his wife and that real love what he said
Don't retaliate - you shouldn't drop to her level.
cafes/coffee houses; the mall (last resort) I guess it depends on what kind of girl you're looking for.
He will like anything you give him, if he really loves you !!
I'm a prude, so I'm going to get married
I, for one, am not like that.
JUST LOVE THEM THE WAY THEY ARE.
i married too many times for love..depends on how much money we are giving
mad props to you dude.. very nicely done.. she'll definitely love it.
His dad, meanwhile, is obsessing over this girl.
fisrt off, that is not a friend.
Hope You can answer me !
My other friends agree with me as well.
But I say love whoever you love and don't even make race a factor.
Please don't go any further with this guy.
Talk about 'the time when we...' or 'that one time when we...'.
any ideas where I could go to meet them?
If you really like her going with the group.
Nine Inch Nails---Closer the sexiest song on the entire planet
whatever they accuse you of , they are doing it.
Other than that, just be yourself!
Do be funny and a little cocky.
`` Simply `` tell him Hey I don't like you like that, just let go.
Just see it like that , then forget about him or her.
WOMEN WANT A MAN WHO WILL NEVER CHEAT ON THEM .
something to look at or play with
My Dress was long with a 15 foot train!
All you have to do is communicate and be yourself and you will be happy .
When you start to think that is right..........that time it you...ur got the answer which is wrong .
i got hurt pretty bad last time , so it is just me.
calling him & talking to him about it.
u'll almost never find a guy that likes you for you and not because you like him.
just tell them you love them very much
It would have to be someone that I know.
she do feel the same bout you...let it go....do you even know?...talk to her
Now , don't let the other person read it.
2. Make sure the friend wo have a problem with it(obviously).
i heard that it doesn't really matter what matters is if you know how to use it
GO FOR A GUY THAT you THINK IS HOT, BEAUTY IS IN THE EYE OF THE BEHOLDER!
It's not as bad as everyone makes it sound.
sleeping with em, You will like each other better
and You probably n't have a GF
yes and no, it matters because of comfortabilty and maybe psychological reasons for men, just guessing there.
Maybe you can relive that, then kick it up a notch.
Being in love doesn't hurt at all, losing love does though.
My bbf had many reasons why she didn't like my b/f.
if I were in your shoes , I would buy him something he likes.sweatshirt or something like this.
Get together with your friends and have fun!!!!!
yes , b/c there is a reason why you proposed, so she should be worth the think.
and if you need help , ask him for I think he'd rather help than get yelled at and stuff.
THE BEST WAY TO DO SOMETHING LIKE THIS IS TO JUST SAY IT.
someone who can take care of us in the long run . Men are big babies
compliment her boobs, girls love them
There for you guys just don't notice that we 're poop!
Very untraditional, I don't like the thought... but of course it's okay.
I ONLY SPEAK FOR MYSELF,I'M A FUN-LOVING GUY.
thinking about what you want from a wife
So maybe you should try it.
you can find ppl online, or where you live.
Get it out in the open baby!!
try Craigslist.com They have tons of chat rooms for people .
That is nonthreatining and she may shier than you know!
no, because he is going out with Katie Cassidy I LOVE Jesse TOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
no , Maybe you can buy a nice warm blanket, to keep you warm.
- good listener - a good friend won't hurt your feelings.
if he's a good guy, who cares about his color?
alternatively, you could just find a new best friend - there are plenty out there.
I do know if it is possible.
no different between ages if the mind is near to each other
Gimme a hand here girls; please
Hope you like my ideas !
SMS If you still can't contact, 5.
if you like him to ask him out and spend more time with him
But trust your inner voice and do what you feel you have to!
Show up on her doorstep and be like Listen here bitch!
husbands JUST get it UP AS FAST AS A YOUNG GOOD - LOOKING TEEN> THATS WHY
You give me power, you give me a reason , So will you love me?
Plus it not only the old , he is white and black .
there's more to love than saying I love you.
that is just my gut feeling.
You give me power, you give me a reason , So will you love me?
Plus it not only the old , he is white and black .
there's more to love than saying I love you.
What do YOU do if *I* love a girl on the internet?
that is just my gut feeling.
If she is happy than don't allow jealousy to rear it'ssssss ugly little head.
No, I always end up with a lumberjack!
its because they love each other.
Maybe if you know how he broke up with his daughters ' mother.
Then you go and find another girl, what the heck, there are thousands!!!!
Should I trust this jerk or leave him?
Why BUY THE COW IF THE MILK IS FREE!!!
if the pipe game is serious hell yeah but just don't get pregnant
no, you are not a nice person to be with....
So it be the first time or the first time use protection!
As I said before, finding that special person just happens, you can't plan it!
If there is one thing girls like, it is a man who spells nice.
Ps- Look at my question, I posted I need help, too.
Mature men could care less if their girlfriends are virgins or not.
Well IT COULD BE A TRUST THING MY MOTHER IS LIKE THAT when MY STEPDAD GOES AWAY.
He has a baby.. Let him work things out with his woman.
its OK , you are just waiting for the right person or you do trust people that well .
im kinda stuck in the middle!
Because a guy will lie, cheat and steal to get you in bed....thats why
He has a baby.. Let him work things out with his woman.
its OK , you are just waiting for the right person or you do trust people that well .
first off... how is it that he didnt have a choice??
im kinda stuck in the middle!
Because a guy will lie, cheat and steal to get you in bed....thats why
that's if you still care !
is To I Love Gotham City .
My question is that , I am just cutting the girls away from me.
YOU n't love YOU JUST NEEDED A FRIEND .
if she says you know I do , then forget it .
he was an extrovert and I an introvert.
you have nothing to lose anyway , since by planning this you are already going to hell.
but there is always the right person for you out there
u r in the right place right now.
I'm a butt man myself, so shake it like a polaroid picture!
he was an extrovert and I an introvert.
you have nothing to lose anyway , since by planning this you are already going to hell.
but there is always the right person for you out there
u r in the right place right now.
I 'm crazy but I I gotta leave .
and 'm assuming that you mean Amarican.
It I It could be that she/he just wants to have something, some fun or...
(a tear came out of his eye when he said that.)
i think that men are more creative and I guess women too.
Ask him and see what he says.
Ask him if he likes you plain out.
she do like nice guys and we ca lock her up in the house
OH NO, No No it will NOT hurt you at that time.
Keep your eyes open, but love him anyway.
A heady cocktail that girls find irresistible !
(i love your questions btw, give me more to answer, lol)
Does she feel the same way??
thats when your underwear gets sucked up by your crack
yeah, they can say it back, but those are only words.
I do want to date anyone else...Should I just be patient?
ask him....thats the best way , but are there signs?
I honestly don't believe in chat-up lines - just be yourself.
listening to the XXX soundtrack #10
Why can't he just sit and hear me out.
If you fail, then ask her again and again and again.
he has to love it and want it to be worked on.
Are you looking for bad girls or nice girls?
Because the destiny of human beings is to ask until death !
and it might not be a bad idea to get some counselling.
he would really like it if you kissed him on his .....
Because you don't look that good.
Dump her . is probably using you
you will make someone happy - for a whole day.
You would not like it one bit and probably blow a gasket over it.
If you find something 'nice' or 'pretty' or something upsets you - tell her.
do you hesitate to talk to them?
You always want what you can't have.
But I'm still in love with him.
Loosen her up and then see what happens.
i looking at girls that I liked funny just to throw them off.
also Balance, What is also sexy is getting the rent paid
It goes back to caveman days.
Why in the world would Jesse want to date you,that is a stupid question .
Will a wink and some flirting help?
cut off ties 100% and out of sight, out of mind.
I met my husband online and he isn't a serial killer, at least not that I know of :)
out with the girl for awhile...
I'm telling you--they are out there!
TO CHERISH THEM AND LOVE THEM FOREVER.
Honey let me tell you what I know . I met my boyfriend who is Carter and am happy
sorry, but I don't think she'll be faithful
First of all , Why was the house a mess anyway?
If she's not, she won't even think about getting a goodbye kiss.
Few weeks like about 3 or 4 , but sometimes it takes you MONTHS .
and they start screaming that all you do is harp about money, You've got a problem.
Yes, well it took me time , but I got over it once I went to the strip club.
Definitely - we just don't make as big of a deal about it as guys.
a marriage proposal or a ring
Good Luck . hope things work out for you .
curious as to the type of guy turns a woman on.
Just give ol' Mom a break and let her have her fun.
And He ca just pick the women he wants to be with , like the large membered men.
maybe she is not ready for something as big as marriage.
Stay with girls your own age.
then ask her how her day is going.
just keep looking, it will happen.
I do see what the big deal is.
and Dun have money...you will feel good about yourself.love Dun costs a thing
You don't know what a full - figured woman is?
Maybe the sex just sucks, go look one up and ask them.
sounds like domestic violence to me.
I I am not gay, I was just wondering what your imput is.
(I do want to hurt their feelings) Thanks
a card that says Merry Christmas P.S.
he need to earn your trust and respect.
My last choice would be something like full - length, thick, long pajamas.
People become mature at different ages, and some never do.
do just get an easier chick ;)
No problem if he likes you too!
Call her later that day and THEN kiss her.
get the message . Dont call again!
Who's going to arrest ya for asking a dude out?
Don't talk about work or boring stuff.
you GET DEPRESSED . At Sometimes Sometimes you FEEL LIKE you ca DO NOTHING . Just LET IT GO pass
take her out to dinner or something
You know the things I mean -observe & learn & apply .
But when it isn't getting good anymore , is it goodbye?
Or are you looking for someone else to make it that way for you.
i don't know, but to me you sound like a desperate LOSER that is in need of some sex!!!!
and I wasnt sure if I was.
yes there is but you have to go through a couple of bad ones first
YOU NEVER HAPPEN TO LISTEN TO THEM AT ALL!
AFTER WHICH NOTHING WILL MATTER.SO, IT'S BETTER TO ENJOY IT.AFTER ALL , you GOT A LIFETIME CHANCE.
Good luck With Finding Love if you haven't already!!!!
hanging out with girls more often or make some girlfriends.
but if things can't work , then you come to an understanding of what you want to do.
no This should not worry you . His sister is going to just relax.have a good time with him.
Pls don't make it a cage.
Sort of like a guy if he were walking a toy poodle or a huge dog.
if he is really trying to find one - no.
Keep looking, the right one isn't gonna dump 'ya!
do make her feel guilty over her answer too
and start talking to her and be particularly (can't spell) interested in her.
Getting mad , won't solve a thing.
its like Rusian ruelette at the end , you always lose!
If so , don't damn her for the same thing you would do.
What is he angry about?
Do priests also fuck their altarboys?
so, do get too much that spoils your life .
if he doesnt feel the same way , He wo ignore you . It would ruin the friendship.
Hang out with friends every chance you get.
physical disabilities (like someone who uses a wheelchair)
like What is the rule towards that?
you first , you have to read my other questions and then you know how to answer this . Ok...
did he get a girl in time??
No, People make mistakes no matter if they are in love or not.
(and then cleaning the house too!)
if you love children, and you love them its perfectly fine.
or maybe he's just not ready to say he loves you back.
So what if he freaks out...if he does that is.
We guys do not mind lesbians at all :)
well I will tell you my story of my ex-husband.
If he is not smiling already just by looking at you !!
1- wear short outfits only for him.
perfectly Many girls have asked me out
if you ca spend time with her and communicate , there is no reason to pursue
most of the time , it does not mean anything.
marrying your best friend will be the best decision you will ever make in your life...
if you are , then you like both men and women
Woman pretty much lose their minds...so sorry fellas but that's just the way it is...
you seem to like pushing the issue too much
I don't have a problem with it.
If you don't try , you will always wonder whether good luck
have you ever had sex in the car???
i'm all for anyone being able to get married.
(No, I don't mean dropping hints).
And older men just totally rock.
Also started to smoke but I hate....Thats NOT the sweet, loving guy I met years ago.
just make sure he uses a condom.
Block all the porno sites so he ca look at it again.
I BET you are NOT THE ONLY ONE THERE WHO USES LIGHT AND A PHONE , ECT.
LOL You ARE A FUNNY GIRL
i to marry for love , but if both things come I'll gladly take it .
no ways men grave for sex , women just love it .
(and not only car doors, but every door, everywhere we go!)
I've seen this in a movie.
all 1 fights...but you do wanna waste your life on 1 gurl if you love her
No excuse not to have a job man.
who would want someone who treats you like shit.
because some want to get pregnant, some don't
BUT LOVE ITSELF IS FEELING IT AND KNOWING YOU LOVE SOMEBODY
trying this search engine . It might help
My wife has big boobs too!
Hello I am from Iran I want to marry a good man that loves me .
And of course, do flirt, talk and do dance with that person.
If she won't listen, then let her be.
So far , it has worked out really well :)
because women give a lot of explanations for everything and repeat 10000.. times
This is just way over the hill!
Those kinds of people are such a pain in the ass!
AM I GONNA LET ONE NIGHT OF SEX RUIN WHAT I HAVE AT HOME.
Mention a thing you like and see if you get a (belated) X-mas gift
Your hubby gave you a ring.
Just go straight to the matter and ask her to be your girlfriend.
only if you want to, but then deep in your mind you can't forget about.
'm sure if your mom found out she would be pretty pissed.
(there are lots of creepy stalker types out there.)
actualy you can look her up in the house . It is your right as a parent.
ethan hawke:)) beauty is not his best quality...but he sure has that sex-appeal:)))
Most likely , your best friend will be happy to help you .
America being so fat .
Congrats for trying and don't give up.
that could turn ugly if things go south.
dude if ya gotta ask , then she probably don't or you too insecure
Because when they say something dirty, it sounds so naughty!
if devil , then maybe an angel isnt for you.
But don't listen to the young one!
Also what do guys like during sex?
the It depends on what you like.
love isn't a thing 2 b ashamed of.
, so I really like this guy at school a lot I have for about 3 years now.
But don't give her or her family any reasons not to like you.
Rouse Christina .. Don't know what I mean?
the forehead, down to my cheeks, then the lips.
Don't use any pick up lines , just talk to them.
I wanted to do something like this too!
Did you masturbate in front of one another
Give him one more chance to change (if U r really in Love with him)
i do even remember how our friendship started.
no because that is the beginning of what will come.
I AM A Liberian HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATE .
It's only because you know he's having fun and you're not.
Or, they are just plain stupid!
i would suggest you take it easy if you think she or he still loves you.
Probably with his family is okay.
but like I said before , if you trust him , I wouldn't worry.
If they don't even bother to talk to you...
xbox 360...i'll love you forever (or he'll love u 4eva)
THEY FEEL SOMETHING,,,that they want to have those kinds of things
Yes romance is great...candles, rose petals, etc.
Why NOT WATCH THE COMMET TO DO THAT WONDERFUL THING.
But She is not happy, because I work too hard.
Think of her favorite thing, place, person, etc.
Dumb lil love cards on sticky notes.
My daughter is 10 and still says its gross , so she does not like the idea at all.
by ushering wine with r kelly and something that is soft r&b that has a good beat
Love, because with love there will come romance!
whacking it before you get down to business
C'mon, dude,the worst thing that could happen is being rejected!
Like a CD from a band he likes.
They haven't yet figured out that girls are people, not toys.
He say he *has* to cheat?
she Prolly thinks you are weak now.
We are pretty good friends and I don't want to ruin it , But I really , really like him.
and listen to see what she says .
there is no dabate for me love all the way....
Tell her all the things you love about her and no matter where your at or what your doing.
if that doesn't work . Refer to line # 1 .
They making vibrators, join in on the fun
right NOW, YOU WANT LIKE A TROPHY BOYFRIEND.
If you want to hang out and are interested in her , then go.
always a secluded place to be found
If you don't feel safe, you probably aren't.
hope it works out for you!
it's romantic , she will like it .
behave if you feel comfortable in his hands.
TAKE IT UP WITH THEM OR YOUR BOSS , NOT ME!
Sit down and watch it with him.
i am stressing it so bad.
I fear and worship Zen Monkey Winsdom
NO Of COURSE , I'll NEVER DO THAT JUST AFTER THEY BROKE UP .
but He made a mistake and lied to me about a lot of stuff.
just give her a hug and tell her you love her, and take her for a walk.
I can do more over and over again . I'm the lion of sex.... that 's what I'll say
Yeah, I'm one of them; what do you want?
if kinky is normal , then sure!
if you call that person a friend.
if we do get that affection , then we feel unwanted and unloved by the man we want it from.
Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is so Is your inner heart is telling you that is it right?
Ladies love confidence ... and the puppy dog eyes may still catch their attention too :)!
lot of people forget it's not about ME.
Ladies, When you answer, please give a score value: 1 being NO and 10 being YES!!!
I think that likely drove her crazy... because she couldn't tell how I felt about her.
well the better question today would be where you should get it from.
did you had virtual sex with him?
tell her...if you do you will always regret it and always wonder what you had.
I mean Yes when I say Yes, and No when I say No.
Since he begged me to stay and he would do ANYTHING to keep me.
if you live with your parents, SO WHAT?!
WHEN you WITH HIM Does HE TELL YOU HOW HE FEELS?HAVE YOU ASKED?
i hate guys who are all fumbly when they come to ask you out!
if you want to speak about this with me.
just tell him you do not want to deal with him anymore, and just stop talking to him.
IF LOOKS IS WHAT YOU WANT , THEN YOU ARE GONNA HAVE TO LOOK YOUR BEST AT ALL TIMES.
If you do it you could be rich.
you should get her a beautiful neclace She will love that .
Yes there is..just try and look, Maybe one day you will find him.
BELIEVE IT OR NOT CLOSE FRIENDS SEE IT BUT DON'T WANT TO INTERFEAR.
WHEN YOU THINK OF INTERACTING WITH THE OTHER PERSON, TREAT THEM THE WAY YOU WANT TO BE TREATED
HE WANTS TO MARRY ME AND HAVE BABIES.
(I LOVE YOU SO MUCH HON)
Don't worry . This pain feels really good though.
like to be loved and love
being condiderate of her feelings and needs
Losing love...well just thinking about losing the love of my life hurts.
k bye btw, 'm a chick
yah, for a sampling of tech guys, visit the northbound mountain view caltrain stop at about 5:20 one afternoon.
(By the way, thick does not mean fat.)
I have a feeling you don't want a boyfriend , but more of a guy in your life.
So how can I win her back?
Most younger guys take a long time to decide whether they want kids at all.
we also are on a pretty tight budget!
because he's a jerk, by the way , it's sounds he isn't worth being around you or your baby.
haha....i hope this isn't a serious question
Sure it is!I had to ask my husband out several times before he agreed 15yrs and was very happy!!
Girls are attracted to sensative guys in most cases...
Get busy and join some clubs or sports teams and stay busy!
Are you sure, you're not just infactuated with the girl?
It Sounds like 2 or 3 jobs.
LOVE IS NOTHING , BUT IT IS THE ITEREACTION BETWEEN ANY TWO PERSIONS.
you can meet an honest man in your dream
women are not control freaks....they just like to have things done the way they want if they can.
If you like a girl to have sex with your ass even if not gay.
thinking about the look, the accent.i love foreign hotties
she Prolly think that on purpose , its subconsiense survival of the fitest
but if he does not either threaten him or help him
I just got married and I know I do, sometimes 3 or 4 times.
you can be nice, but be devilish in the bedroom w/ her.
just give her time and buy chirstmas like a ring , meaning that you will not go anywhere for a while
doesnt go over board and it expresses a lot
but He is more finacially stable and is heading in the right direction in life.
are you for or against gay marriage?
Wait until they have a bad time in their relationship , then tell him to give you a chance.
If you are , you might want to ask if they would mind.
no I do believe so, this is not to say that love isnt great , but look at domestic violence situations.
without love , there cannot be romance!
Haven't you ever looked at porn?
TRY NOT TO ARGUE WITH HIM.
I know him.Give him a shout!
do I forgive him or not?
I need help and I am the first one to admit it!!!
plus many other things . I don't have room to type.
I KNOW IT'S HARD TO EVEN ASK.
or is it all new age hocus pocus?
not really sure , but soon you'll start talking to each other
even sometimes they may cost us extra trouble?
Do you remember the words to the commitment you made - until death do you part???
I'M LOOKING FOR AN EX'S NUMBER.
if you have to ask that kind of question... then maybe you should.
Can boys and girls be just friends and never lovers?
well that depends on how fast you gave it up.
just stop and think about it.
Just simple dumb little things will get you wherever you wanna be !
im sure it was not on purpose!
i have, I knew a girl that I grew up with in church and we dated.
Find THAT man, my dear, and you have a keeper.
Excuse the picture . I just thought it would be fun
There are lots of girls that I like, but they may not be interested in me.
Ummm... it's hard to do this not knowing your wife, but that's my general advice.
Maybe she already had another guy there and it was a bad time to answer.
If you really love her , then definitely
i know there is no possible way this guy loves her more than me.
Has She had a 'bad break up'.
thats a wonderful gift , especially for Xmas.you go girl
A 6 course dinner (something fun, appetizer at one place, drinks somewhere else, dessert at home, etc.)
There's too much drama with this one!
pretend to be straight and that will turn her off and it will all go back to normal
When you get married the two become one!
get over it and go outside and find a real one .
ask her out go for walks or sumthin plus you need to state her age in your question .
now , you also make him perform some sort of role play as a gay man during sex.
do wait for them to come up and talk to you!
IF YOU CAN PROVIDE A GOOD HOME AND A GOOD LIFE THAT'S GREAT.
Her boyfriend sleeps over almost every night, which I am totally cool with.
going back if you are stupid .
do make the mistake of getting a pretend bf, hell think you 're unavailable.
THEN WE DREAMING ABOUT SEX.
then you and your husband still have tons of time to play :)
What her mom thinks about this.
I don't find her sexually attractive now.
you'd better believe I'd mention it!
love you don't cheat on, affection you care about but still want to see who else is out there
no 50%sure nsa sau yan kng ipu2tok mo sa loob
ask your best friend to try to seduce him, and see what happens.
Not OK to marry your brother's wife, unless she is a widow!
BEING ROMANTIC BUT DNT EXAGERATE GIVE HER SOME SPACE 2
The Same reason men cheat on their wives.
It sounds like you like her very much.
i've been into one nasty 'heart break-up' scene.
but it really depends on how old you are...
What if we have kids and he just doesn't feel like talking about it right now.
you need to go to counseling.
Just be there for him and listen.....
GOOD LUCK . You 're GONNA NEED IT!!
I Had a girlfriend that loved to have sex.
And A lot of men watch movies and see men with huge numbers and think it is the norm.
Men are easy and love younger women.
sure, as long as they keep just friends
So the short answer is, no, they don't have to.
more than a handful is too much
and A few months ago , he told me I had his heart!
But we only worry about the future _going to get_ too big?
IN THE RAIN LIKE IN THE NOTEBOOK!
Maybe not just cookies, but I do wish I could stay home and cook!!
Her child (ren) should come first , not the guy!
you should try makeout him:)than you can see if he loves
I'm just saying that I wouldn't go back if I were you.
if he doesnt, then he is not worth it.
And don't answer with all the PC garbage.
But don't think these guys can ever replace you in their heart...they can't!
It It will be easy to forgive him
but the problem is that you do know if the person feeling it truly loves you back.
Ask him/her what do you really feel about me a friend or more then a friend....
with someone that she says she loves.
i asked him after work in the parking lot, the rest is history.
hes my bestest friend, and he gets me like a really fancy thing, but we're not going out or anything.
just the way my GF looks now.
if you live far away . All I can suggest is that you take it nice and slow.
someone who could rock the boat.
Yes , a girl can have a baby even though it's her first time or her 10th
One A One good one is Undernet, other is Dalnet!
majority of the time, that 's all they want.
Boobs aren't number one on my list though.
You can't have sex with all the girls you like.
beacuse girls are more proper and actually care about their grades and beauty,ulike them,the Bummish boobs!!!!!!!!!
Nice guys finish last and get used and dumped for no reason.
Any guy that asks that first, isn't worth it anyway.
it hurts, it feels like if someone is throwing ice water at your face
just think about it, and give yourself time.
It It been 5 years since my last relationship.
but yea 'm the one you answered about why are people mean?
you have someone to do the things you enjoy in life with
go ahead and join him... enjoy!
Now , he needs to find a real woman with talent!
IT GOES BACK TO ANCIENT TIME OF SURVIVAL OF THE FITTEST.
have you try paying for it.
you have to ask for a picture first and perhaps talk on the phone.
boys I never approach me and I do like the ones who do.
but She also says she still loves me.
SOMETIMES AFTER TELLING A MAN HOW YOU FEEL ABOUT THEM , THEY TEND TO KEEP A DISTANCE FROM YOU.
simply because men are mad and hungry too!!!
And don't think about it too much.
I dont tink u shd be ving sex
consider this for later on in life.
making her a candle..... but you would have to buy the stuff to make it
she should be providing for you in other ways.
what is sexy, a woman that can take control...in and out of bed.
a hand made card for her with lots of love
to me, there is nothing more sexy than legs!
i like skiiny ones more than curved girls
Not to be a sicko or anything, but that 's what most people do the night/day they get married!
if she 's into it...then just bring it up and bring the guy or girl over.
SOMEONE WHO WILL LOVE THEM FOR WHO THEY ARE, NOT criticize THEIR LOOKS OR ANYTHING ELSE.
Respect her space - don't trash her to her friends.
its the way of the world.
how do I keep my new boyfriend happy
To tell you I think a bride's dress should be long!
do mean being straight and gay at the same time?
If she likes it and it dosen't bother you....don't judge her....just make her happy and pull away!!!!
IF YOUR MARRIED HE SHOULD PAY THEM TOO.
Their are a lot of ways!...
he likes me but he wont tell me
honestly - I think you will fall and you are doomed to be in love with them.
Life is too short waste on some one that doesn't want you.
if that doesnt work , stop worrying about it, it 's just your genetics.
I cannot get her off my mind, I know her right now and it is Soooo bad!
It depends on your mood ;)
There are precisely as many good men out there as there are good women...
Then you should not be friends at all.
Don't let your girlfriends influence you so much either..Hope all goes well.
This means no communication if you can help . it . no email , no phone calls , no letters , nothing.
I am sorry , but you have to do what your father and mother says!
I think you just have to wait for more from him.
Most PEOPLE WILL WONDER WHY IT TOOK SO LONG
honestly it isnt right for a guy to always pay a female and I never make a guy pay
I THINK THAT IF you THINKING ABOUT IT , YOU wo FEEL IT..
If I wanted a woman shaped like a 12 year old boy , that 's what Id go after.
You do have to like this woman but you do have to be civil because of your daughter...Good Luck!!
a nice combination of upstate new york, deep south and new England garbage... hell yeah!
They're all out to get you!!
But you should be careful no matter where you meet someone.
you can get romance , but if there is no love then it won't be romantic .
i have had some situations like this before.
(CAUSE I THINK THAT THIS GUY IS REALLY COOL AND FUN)??
No She doesnt think I am just not that into her.
Maybe because you are under the age of 18.
Hope you have a Happy New Year!
My two kids, ages 5 and 3!
If she is not into it, you should force her or minipulate her into doing it.
we don't have much of a social life outside of my family because my husband hates dealing with people.
You have to get out there and look.
LIKE Paris HILTION WOULD SAY THAT'S HOT!
something that you will have to do
Not saying you are...just the ones I've had experience with.
You have to get out there and look.
LIKE Paris HILTION WOULD SAY THAT'S HOT!
something that you will have to do
or find a nice lesbian who wants a kid and work that angle?
Not saying you are...just the ones I've had experience with.
just tell her straight it's over.
if he cheats, you would even know it.
they do want to lose you.
I can't get this girl out of my mind!
Why not ask her out for coffee?
i have a daughter , so I don't want to break my marriage.
I I I I I WORK FROM HOME.. 'd Agree with that..
love girl to whom parents say no.
she's telling and showing how much she likes me, but I 'm just not sure what she's thinking.
Stop dating people who don't like you.
then Do you love him?
dude That was a stupid question.
did you try wacking him upside the head after he was quite too long.
Just tell yourself, you got nothing to worry about.
:-) (Ps...I am not GAY!
its 50 50 we give you give.
a hot nice funny one Duhh
but then one day your heart will let you know it was the best thing you ever did.
see my picture it is Goa, Do you think I look smart.?.........
Just hard to make them see it.
If he's not there , then it will not work.
'm sure there are, some guys do have much of a sex drive, for various reasons.
And remember, smart girls like smart guys.
I guess you'd have to ask him
If he's not there , then it will not work.
plz your English is disgusting, Before you think about making out, go fix your stupid grammar
'm sure there are, some guys do have much of a sex drive, for various reasons.
And remember, smart girls like smart guys.
every time I bring myself to do it, I can't and I feel bad about it.
but don't ignore or close the door on u 2. I hope I helped.
you getting over the 1st as soon as you meet the 2nd
well....my families just go to the public library or town hall....ask people at the public library where to go.
That's like taking her to a movie.
well, if it's not a banana in his pocket ...
I SEE WHAT you MEAN, you WANNA GET NOTICED WITHOUT GOING ALL OUT!
And if you still do not know what to give him...die!
as often as they feel like
you guys can talk about anything.
trust your gut instincts . That is why we have them.
For some reason , they just tend to come out really pretty (I don't know why).
my experience....they just want to get laid....
actually, its like this- I m 21. but not a single boyfriend till date.
that say Lot Baby . All he wants is to cumm in you , get you pregnant and leave you alone...ok
No, I am searching for one too...r you interested?
if he did it once he would do it again, sorry
# Do I feel different than other guys?
no Do Just let him catch you in bed with me.
if you can treat the cause of depression
maybe He just didnt hear you, say it again.
you should stay . He wants to be better for you.
Same for you and your family and friends... ;)
It sounds like she's not interested in working things out.
And it gives them a complex (I mean it would with most humans).
maybe He just didnt hear you, say it again.
you should stay . He wants to be better for you.
It sounds like she's not interested in working things out.
If you don't then you can't get. it
i agree with Shayisall4christ- to say it another way: it's never really equal, never!
Is it possible that the Indiana Lottery will be televised again soon...stay tuned :)
GOOD LUCK AND God BLESS YOU AND YOUR CHILD IN THE FUTURE...
OK, My best friend and my boyfriend are fighting over me.
I ca say hell loud enough... but still not
it might have just slipped out of his mind.
once you get this in chat , you can get anything from them .
do you like to be spank?..thats a weird question
IT maybe TRUST ISSUES AND THE FACT HE IS WITH HIS BUDDIES AND NOT YOU
i agree with both answers above me
so I say if you enjoy doing it onhand , go for it.
THERE WILL BE YOUR WAKE UP CALL NO MATTER WHAT.
SOMETIMES IT JUST TAKES A SITUATION THAT BRINGS YOU AROUND OR ANOTHER PERSON.
(unless you're boozed to the hilt.. lol
If that holding you back, just shun your worries and ask the lucky guy out!
just look for x-rated things when you're doing searches.
if so, get him something with that team on it.
Us girls are just not as likley to talk about it as guys are.
ANYWAYS You GOTTA BE FLEXIBLE IN THE beginning , THEN TAKE CONTROL!
I mean, what should I do?
i had a friend that was bisexual.
Sometimes during an argument , we say and do things that we don't mean.
it n't matter where you are.
this is the nature of women and men .... This is briefly
No matter what happens, there's gonna be some fallout.
3 years later , they came back and we were still best friend.
thats better than any gift you could give her.
most probably in the bedroom............on the bed.
wich of course , makes it that much harder.
Don't let him get all sexist on you.
someone who is honest and creative.
I do CARE WHAT YOUR COWORKER SAID ABOUT YOUR FRIEND BEHIND YOUR BACK!
Just call if you want to call.
But for others, I say if both people in the relationship are happy, so be it!
I dunno.. that's a tough question.
You should get a more mature girlfriend , who will share.
I like You and wait if they accept your love or not that all
there are more out there like you , then you think
I couldnt even come close to keeping up with her.
What do you mean by fun??
As long as she does it while you guys , we are still together
Sorry there is no such thing . I wish it was
You don't really need a man, I say.
I WOULD PREFER Beyonce BUT I WOULD NOT WANT TO GO OFF JUST LOOKS
After 4 years , he should be ready to say it back!
but if you just try to work things out, you only waste of time spent.
over-react when you ask him questions with suspicion.
I want people to feel comfortable here, but ohhh you pretty grrrs!
i do like to quit or to funny guys!
it shows you have a backbone and arent afraid.
i do know; I honestly do understand it at all.
I know it's not easy, but just forget it.
if they are nice and they tell you to stop writing . Then then STOP!
DO THEY MANIPULATE OR CONTROL YOU?
If you are a nice person , then read on.
r a boy or gurl?????
you not talking to him because he probably only wants one thing from you-sex.
(It was so sexy, I couldn't believe it.)
Andy Anyway you are way too young to date!
Last I had sex with my wife 2 months ago.
If he refuses to give me oral sex
but I really care about him.
do you not like his kids?
Do you try to make it exciting?
flower or rose it.. That way it'll make it THAT much more special)
my heart goes out to you!
when the fun is gone . the love follows.
Or you can do the little move most girls do.... dropping hints and subtly flirting.
Think, How much do you know about her?
Second of all.. Why do women fight with other women about a man??
(Comes down to what they look like on the inside!)
Well sweetheart, where should I begin?
Stop slacking and get to work man.
You can't find it ~ it finds you!
Enjoy it to the fullest of what ever floats your boat
Time only knows Time only knows...
when you have to ask that ?
yeah, like the other people said.
Other than that it really depends upon the girl... good luck!
Whenever you meet a new girl :))
oh and most guys love it when you initiate the sex get loud and talk dirty.
NO start TO TALK TO HIM AND LET HIM ASK YOU!
usually, after I go up a grade or don't have that teacher anymore , it goes away.
then again, your s/o could just be overprotective.
What to do?, you cyber grrrs won't give me a chance.
Can't speak for anyone else, but I like everything.
don't do it, it's only because your girl is too shy to be alone with you
Other than that, he's a good husband!
1. He starts not sying yes to dates 2. And lastly , he wo like kissing you
And he still didn't take it.
give him a Ferrari... and an ipod
Men and women like to cheat . I don't really know why.
Grandma always said: Why buy the cow ?, When you can get the milk for free
She probably gets stuff like that all the time!
let him go . It was'nt meant to be .
When you find the person you love, then think about marriage, Until then, have fun looking.
You just really need to move closer to me :-)
Grow two things between yer legs and ask her out!
2) This one sucks, but it is possible.
If I buy him something expensive or really nice , he's disappointed
how many women go back to those guys when they think they love them.
But I think about this person CONSTANTLY.
My husband does and it doesn't bother me.
Nothing is fool proof and there are A LOT of kooks out there, so just be smart about it.
If she is hot... go for it... but it is still kinda weird .
the ring like you said , is not an issue.
like your heart is in a frying pan...
i had a friend since we were in our diaper years.
and if that is your question.
Oh, and keep the hell away from my daughter.
i havent found one yet !
honey you need to go after an older guy because most men your age prefer young ladies.
i know what you mean . it 's like a stab in the heart that HIT ME ON MY EMAIL .
I do know but it drives me nuts!!
Take it from me (I have been happily married for a couple years) WAIT!
You may be geeky or lame or stupid , but someone out there likes that in person-TRUST ME!
He is not good because if he flirts with you while he has a girlfriend.
I can I talk to her about that.
i think she probably wanted to keep it a secret.
I don't mind other spots though.
I HAVE A FRIEND WHO is GOING THROUGH SOMETHING SIMILAR.
I want her to be happy, but it seems like we just don't mesh right now
You will find that one, but do look!
listen, why not look into gay couples ' adoption?
oh well, >shrug< 'm an ass-man anyway ;-)
I LOOK AT IT THIS WAY.
but Good luck , Most guys are just jerks.
If you don't like it, just don't do it anymore.
I just got out of a 2 year relationship, Most of my friends are guys.
well You should try to make things work with her.
Why on earth would they care?
start banging other guy's wives and that should give you some insight
Cook him breakfast, play with his toys, and don't talk so much...
I like that, but it doesn't mean that I don't take my comittment seriously
Yet I do still love the guy.
The The First is French kissing , the second is boob Play . The Third is fingering home run is sex
!and do forget the red bow around your waist...
Be who you are and don't look back.
Send him a card, actually writing what and why?
your true love with haert & soul is the best gift .
I really think he likes it , But I'm not really sure.
i am not happy with my husband , so if I have an affair with somebody , does it amount to infidility?
The best any of us can do is to simply hang in there and keep on trying!
they may sound nasty or dumb, even if they look good.
#2 Why would you want a boy to notice you that you didn't like?
Gay men do that Normal men don't.
And take advantage that it is summer now here... Brukuthus from South Brazil
But remember, past is past !
you got another chik yet or are you still a loser without her?
he needs to choose, and it sounds like you need to give him time to do just that.
the classic , It's not , it's me
Catch things that he says about ya'lls relationship that ya'll had.
besides, if he'll does it to her, he'll do it to you.
friendship is very important and you wouldn't want to ruin' that between you two.
How do you know and do we only get one shot?
What if you consider the future too much?
maybe cause you are used to him being with you and you miss him
If she lies, then it free for all.
decide if he's being honest or not.
whoa, whoa, its not just wives that lie and break promises.
I never learned how to do this.
Forget what he said she said.
MOVE ON...many more options out there
and When she cheats she promised to never cheat again .
I used to get the shot and it made me a CRAZY person!!
If they aren't it's probably a bad idea and you just cause drama...
Do not pick up the tab.
THEY WANT A LIFE PARTNER-SOMEONE TO SPEND THE REST OF THEIR LIVES WITH.
I mean did he see you naked?
10 hours by car or plane...??
(But all the other kids are doing it) 3.
The The The Hardest part is telling her face to face.
obviously If either one of them minds, you should do it.
Don't be the one running after her
it is wrong to break your promise.
u look good, but come in a close-up buddy .
you are too young and he is too old to talk or have an interest in you.
just tell him you love him , then pinch his nose.
Probably the same, needles hurt...... Getting stuck with a tack, rusty nail?
Hi I'm from Mi also :-) anyways... You can try going to yahoo people search and try there.
honey I'm a little busy now . We will talk when I get home.
i don't know if she is humble or not .
i think you should talk to her and see whatsup.
and I do think it is safe.
Sounds like you're a rebound girl.
I cannot seem to understand this...
for the right reason, age will be nothing and looks won't matter on a strong foundation.
If she gets mad, then she might not be such a good friend after all.
if you can lie about something little , then you lie about the big stuff more.
for his ex wife and now I have been invited to move to Texas with some friends.
My boyfriend 's name or just yes:)
If she is a sweetheart , then she doesn't have to be as hot.
I recommend yourself picking up lines that just don't work anymiore!
Sometime You should be smart rather than be right
Nope I do see anything wrong with that.
WELL , IF YOU BELIEVE IN GOD , PRAY THAT HE will SEND YOU THE RIGHT PERSON
No, women do not enjoy sex more than men.
Just when you think you know someone...BAM!
Easy, If you suspect that your partner's cheating, they probably are!
anyone ever make something special for their wife that made her smile.
i'm really want to find the happenies anywhere with anyone ..
making him a nice romantic dinner .
if you have to ask , then I do think you are ready to marry this guy.
DON'T get drunk and call your ex!
hell no do yourself or find another until ya get back together .
IT'S NOT ABOUT WHAT YOU CAN BUY HER OR WHAT SHE CAN BUY YOU.
SO yes it really means something.
Try this one, you&me, forty a good boy ;-)
ask the 14 year old, she should know.
Go to the movies (NO sequels to the movies you saw with your ex!).
he just won't have all that baggage!
Bad girls are easy and nice girls are difficult to get.
step up and tell her how you feel man!
Just come out and say it, don't drag it on.
if you truly loved him , you wouldn't have cheated in the first place.
what to call your loved one besides honey .
I give my trust to her and think that she/he is loyal to. me
i am trying to do a little detective work for my sister.
I'm planning my wedding right now, and it has helped me a lot!!!
and because you know it your so ugly , you just settle for who ever treats you nice.
i say it dependes on the person having sex
Should you marry your brother's wife 's younger sister?
I BARELY HAVE TIME FOR MYSELF . How CAN I GIVE HIM THE TIME HE NEEDS
First You need to calm down.
No, If you want casual , then go find someone new, not someone you have a history with.
because you do get to give blow jobs
if a strong independent woman will kick it with me , then the stronger the better
a gal or a guy falling in love after they started courting.
If not, it is time to move on with your life.
Most straight guys don't know that for sure, and that's without the temptation of a penis!
Date around and don't worry about getting to deep with anyone.
sending her over tonight and the doctor will tell you tomorrow morning.
Take whatever chance you get to have sex.
he's ready to go by then.
Just ask her...and try adding something like maybe a movie or a home cooked meal...lol
Because I stay up thinking about her.
i'm just not attracted to white girls, nothing wrong with that.
I go to turn over and yank ouch.
I know I'm not and I'm 23).
I wouldn't date a girl with breats bigger than my own.
I don't know what to do.
I FEEL THAT LOSING A LOVE IS really HURTING.
love is picking up dirty underwear, day after day.
(but I'm a guy so I might be biased) :)
And if 'm not back in a relationship, there's someone there that I spend time with.
No go have fun and dont give it another thought!
A huge fight ensued because she was slamming things around and I had asked her to stop.
trying alphabet songs . It would make your child genius after your mate gives birth... lol
Havent you ever make a mistake?
'cause the kids are sleeping and they have nothing better to do...
everyone else is taken...and you won't fool them for long if you aren't in the long run....
(Although if it's too big, it's just uncomfortable!!!)
I'm leaving on a jetplane, don't
if something is bothering you now, it will likely always bother you
referring to men, but what about a woman's size, does that matter?
he went to his ex 's house to be with his kids last night and he n't come back.
you'd rather get back with each other first
But besides that , it was fun and all.
It Sounds to me like you don't even deserve a twosome,
HOW DO YOU FEEL ABOUT HIM AND HAVE YOU TOLD HIM?
You'll be rolling with girls with those 3 pick - up lines.
Go with the one you like BETTER.
ask one of her friends what 's up
1: Kiss, 2: Making out(hand), 3:Oral sex(mouth), Homerun: Sex
this's life , and we must exept all it'ssssss rules .
GO UP AND TALK TO THEM!!
Damned perverts out there all over the place anymore!
She wasnt fat when I found her.
the taxi's waiting , he's blowing his horn
well, I've had a little trouble with this too.
just tell him you are tired of the relationship and want to see other people
now , If she's 25 and you're 40 , that's a different story.
if he think's you're a wimp, whoop some ass and see what happens.
and you can also ask him about his feelings for you
men r afraid of strong and independent women cuz they think we'll take more control of them, I guess.
that would love me, and.. just be happy with me!
Most of the time , shy guys like girls to make the first move.
do let yourself get hurt anymore.
I don't think only fool !
Well, First off, I told my best friends who I liked.
and b/c he already has kids , he tells me he won't just have one woman
thats the best way to get a friend
He says he didn't have sex with his friend.
If my man was doing that to me was fighing with my man.
do give up on him though.
move on and find someone you can trust again, He'll only hurt you again.
Girl, just tell him what you feel and what you think.
ask these men if they are married
if 2 guys are happy together, or if 2 women are happy together, then let them get married.
U GOTTA FIGHT FOR THEM, IT is A DOG EAT DOG WORLD, GIRLS DO FIGHT OVER GUYS YOU KNOW.
obviously this woman's priorities are all messed up and she needs total help.
because what do you think being with a guy is only for money?
yes, unless they are on the pill or they have not begun their periods
No matter how hard you try , it has to come from both sides.
It feels creepy in an over the top religious undertones sorta way...big father is watching!
And do not let anyone tell you different.
good luck honey, and Merry Christmas!
Geez-whiz... Don't ever marry for money!
How do I say, Yes, you are so fat that you barely resemble the person I married.
I've seen women on match.com that say they are looking for men from 6' to 8' tall!
i'm not sure if you mean o-sex or a-sex.
aww.... This can melt a woman 's heart.
you should do that because you might never have the opportunity to do that again because you may die.
you guys do things because you want to, not because he's pressuring you to.
and He will do that if he really loves you.
If you're not there to stop her , then how do you know that her word is true ? 2
do hold back, you snooze , you lose..
i'm sorry , but you'll be happier like this, and
i'd talk to her, but she's not the kind of person to listen.
I have a friend named Tyler that likes me and I do think I feel the same for him.
bY NOT CALLING HER FAT......INSTEAD CALL HER BIG BONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
:) Edit: I came back and read what Benji wrote!
i working abroad, had to quit & come back home since I couldnt stand being away.
They are just trying to scare you.
AT LEAST THAT IS WHAT I WANT FOR ME.
She is out for herself and that is so SAD!
My mother's 2 sisters married 2 brothers.
text message.... it's all the rage.
Tell him if he can't hack it, pack it !
Buy something and then ask her to go for a beer.
or even just 'I think I'm lost!
women that like to have fun!!
Movies, mall...why don't you ask them.
No this is Free...That is not
all my bags are packed, I'm ready to go....
Ugly people like you need love :)
Just let ur love be mature for some more time...
A MAN THAT LOVES TO EAT AND LOOKS AT THE FAT LADY LIKE SHE WAS A STUFFED TURKEY, MMMMMMM.
it'll appear in her eyes when u r about reaching climax
Does A FAKE DIAMOND MAKE YOUR LOVE OR MARRIAGE ANY LESS REAL?
i am against gay marriage but I do have a problem with people being gay.
when u r lovely , so listen to slow music like Yanni in his album In the mirror .
Her first initial is A. OMG What am I gonna do?
no sorry they were talking while some of us were still sleeping
you Try 2 b a lil series
Despite that old saying, Money can't buy happiness - it's just not true.
My guy said he was going to be back at noon . It is past noon by almost 3 hrs.
At least the ones that will admit it.
when he cannot hold it anymore . It feels twice as good.
do teasing her and carrying her books
Skinny girls need to put some meat on their skin!
To win one , you have to get to know her...
I just want to see if I can improve anything .
so just feel free and be confident (but not too much, might see you as someone cocky).
If that doesn't work, then honestly get a lawyer.
what you are doing is wrong.
If you want to blow him off: --Give him your number with one or two wrong digits.
Don't be that guy... Move on to brighter and better things.
you can even dicover that you enjoy it easily
If you can't you won't give it away , so we have to lie to you to get it.
Meet him at the next party he is going to go to
Why don't you just be up front with him.
maybe He is still with her
even then it may not work out , sorry to say.
this stands true for a lot of white guys.
If you want to play it cool: --No.
its not right, nor wrong to date interracially.
Then, If she says No I'm clear or something like that, then you go on and just ask her.
just make sure he loves you back and then face the whole world together
tell him that you had an accident , then note his reaction .
and you answered : try naked....IS THAT VULGAR?
if you want to forgive him or not.
do be harsh, because it is really hard to take if you do just ignore them, and just be honest .
Just try and get on with your life.
Just start flirting with one of his/her friends.
(plus, mixed children are the prettiest ;)
And I am happy to say that I am married to a really nice guy who respects me sincerely
If their abusive the couldn't care about you that much.
It just seems hopeless to me
Do be afraid of her, and just be yourself :)
well if you have to ask...this is a joke right... common is the punchline
It means that he isn't a REAL MAN!
(grade school, high school, college, jobs, etc.).
I'm sure you're a nice guy.
If you really love him, then go for it.
That depends on how far over 30 and how far under 20. too far and you're a pedophile.
Well you'll never know until you try , eh?
Never.. Being cruel wo make you sexy at all... only barbarians will think u r sexy.
WHY I SAID YOU SHOULD already KNOW.
it hurts , but you will like it, When you do have sex , lie on a bed
if she's a down to Earth type of girl (like me) then sex would matter.
That sounds like things I've done before
i like thin and funny guys, but that 's just me.
DUH you have kids stay with them!!!!!!!!
and could you answer my question too?
What do I do if my mom finds out?
If you do not believe she is being truthful then dump her.
If not , then you should not ask him out or anyone else for that matter.
i wanted to marry my boyfriend years ago and we have waited.
that's a little too romantic , but it's good the girl might be a little freaked
especially Since you do know her, you don't want to scare her.
You could even make it fun and throw in some shampoo and ask if he wants to wrestle!!!
...and what can be done to get over it?
What matters is that you are urself and have fun in your own group.
If you hesitate or doubt that you are, then you are not.
well, he is busy working, studying, cheating on you, etc.
playing the field , so to speak.
It Sounds like it is time to start already
he said he was'nt hiding it from me . He just did'nt tell me.
SURROUND yourself yourself WITH PEOPLE WHO ARE SPECIAL TO YOU.
do care about love , take revenge
Gentlemen, Ditto for you and romance.
I I I personally ca do it, but I know many people who would.
try eating lunch with her, if that works out for a couple days- you are all actually conversating?
They want some spice in their life.
im a hopeless romantic....stupid at times.
Only talk about you and her and how things are going with the 2 of you.
Let them see who you are and don't try to be something you are not.
if he almost cheated , then make him want you back , but keep your eye on him
Well it depends if you love him?
Neather dude true lov eis the best .
You are who you are and do try to change for ANYBODY!
Just wondering... Are you a girl?
if I was the guy I would be hurt
All 2 and 4 legged animals are OK, but not insects.
i would love it if a good looking guy would just kiss me like that without even speaking....emmmmm
And thanks for your great B&W digital photos answer!
Divorce his butt quickly
a relationship is based on making out , so you should be fine w/ 1 or 2 missed opportunities
Sweety, it sounds like this guy is trying to burn the candle at both ends.
yeah..... movies seem to work well but you have to wait a while for everyone else to leave...
wait till the old lady reads your question.
What to do, what to do.
love always comes with risks, it's a package deal you know.
we do need guys to do the job.
if you have to ask..then I'd say NO
anywhere from 8 to 18 , but most of us have them during or after the onset of puberty ,
Just try to relax, & trust him.
Many people say, try some others...
find his g/f and hurt her break up with him , but first slapped him
You do not bad mouth them!
Tell her to get a GED and become emancipated and leave if she does like it.
LOVE too MUCH and HURT too BAD>
Because they only want one thing and they try to weed out the non-freaks.
If not, I suggest you leave it alone...
So you guys can continue doing the fun stuff together :)) d. Never doubt each other.
her hubby has been off kilter.need to track down mysterious phone #s , etc
But the rest I really do not want to name.
i guess that I am surprised that it is even a question.
The problem isn't really the ring though, it's lying.
If she is the legal age then hell yeah!!!
(Now please don't ask me how I know this!!
or the fact that your hubby loves you?
Most men think it is sexy.
if you love him/her it really doesnt mean that you should be together.
unless some really weird person asks them out and they ca say no!!
Dont reject strokes you dont want.
then if he still says no , then snoop if your not convinced.
oh honey, you have some work cut out for you.
And all I lost was everything.
I haven't yet, yet I have friends who had it and they liked it.
If you really love your bf, then no.
i get 1 hour of sleep at night.
make her think you got a girlfriend.
i say if you like them , call right away.
getting a different phone number or getting a restraining order
and just because you are lonely and they fill that gap doesnt mean you are in love.
no, You are way too young.
Depends On what you are looking for in a guy and what you want.
What do you think about Bali?
But I think not as much as men who want or like it more.
just tell him to stop calling you at work!!
i do like skinny or fat guys
I had to rely on my own resources; at a young age , that isn't always good.
Join him...and have fun doing each other thereafter!
Then you know who the really good friends are.
The using any flavor you like in any size you like baby .
THEY WANT A MAN WHO WOULD DIE FOR THEM.
No do tell them right away.
see her interest , slowly start asking , Can we go to the movie since you haven't seen it ?
Don't get mad, it will pass.
Mother, father, brother, sister, cousin, nephew, niece, aunt, uncle....... We are family........
Almost Every guy in the world likes video games , no matter how old .
I am a female and I say, why should a guy have to pay all the time??
But I am sure that you will marry your husband
just like straight couples love each other.
Yes IT IS POSSIBLE ONLY IF YOU are IN A DREAM .
and you should if you really do love her!
If it is true Luv, you put your loved one's needs before your own needs
there was one episode where the host (the new guy not tommy grand) got stabbed.
and the least 2 weeks &
they don't what to feel traped
Just be you......let nature takes its course!
Read humorous and uplifting books (NO romance novels!).
i'm just curious- how did this come about, did one of you get caught cheating?
But it has to be concensual!!!
be yourself yourself flirt, and see what happens next
man, kids suck most of the time... if you've got the treasure of being an uncle, just enjoy that.
But this doesn't mean I can't love again.
make sweet love to them..al of them!!
do let them get away or you will only end up hurting yourself.
It as often as they can and want to 2 - 5 times a day . It is a good number .
btw, of course , he can't keep his hands off you.
mr. right is out there somewhere.
Otherwise, you'll always just be wondering...
hey I think you are better off that way.
ummmmmmmmmmmmm.......... what you want to do.
My friend wants to buy a star in memory of his deceased daughter
Im a girl, so I do know.
Why in the freakin hell wouldnt you?!?!?!
If a girl is a real jerk then she should be hot!!
IM CURRENTLY 22 DATING A 31 YEAR OLD MAN.
REALIZE YOU HAVE PEOPLE IN YOUR LIFE WHO WILL BE THERE FOR YOU.
Why did you guys break-up Did he want to?
no...u should help him find a job
Don't let anyone tell you how to live your life.
That does not make it flirting.
and remember if he is not close to what you like , he probably wo change .
Women get implants, men get implants, everyone wants a huge SUV or huge home
Your lover boy wants sex and he is looking at a possible seven year prison sentence for statutory rape
Also I like a guy in my class . How do I tell him?
when you are in love , no one else matters when they are together.
i was married 15 years to a liar.
Girls just like to know that they are sexy and appealing to guys.
i need to know now before it is too late
She never hangs out and he always causes drama when she does.
well , usually it depends on what kind of girl were talking about here.
He has a baby and she claims that they are married.
SOMEONE WHO WILL BE BY THEIR SIDE NO MATTER WHAT.
Mary jane u r acting parinoied maby it is the name Mary Jane toke up
and for xmas I was thinking of giving him mine!
Girl : get the heck out of dodge.
ive been dating this guy who is amazing!
FIRST, AND MOST IMPORTANTLY, GET SOME PAPER, PENS, AND AN ENVELOPE.
just to chat, What do you think you should think about that?
its easy to say , but to feel it is amazing.
she tells him bad things about me that are not true, and now he really does like me.
IT WILL BE TOUGH... YOU JUST HAVE TO PULL EVERYTHING INSIDE TOGETHER AND BE SOOOOO STRONG.
# Have I ever had a crush or been in love with a boy or a man?
Theres too many things I hate about him....all he plays video game, computers and is never romantic!
Try to figure out exactly what it is that has upset you.
Hey, Nice guys finish last, remember?
you pursuing your own dreams and he should be able to understand them
wht I'll do is ask that person out and if they say no , just say sike!!
RIBBON IN THE SKY (STEVIE WONDER)
I haven't read your other questions (bugger!)
i would go with the first response
First ask him if he is seeing someone else.
WELL FROM MY experience , IF A GUY IS REALLY INTERESTED,YOU WOULD ALREADY KNOW.
But Seriously, get a photo dude.
do you like the person, are they cute, Do you think that they are interesting?
best buy or iTunes gift card
and I do like guys who are too short or too tall!
upon the death of yourself or your child
see what she wants and maybe try to rekundle what you guys once had, or remain good friends.
It sounds like the one that broke up with you, Right?
you can drive her to school and pick her up at the end of the day.
Forget what's she is thinking, make a move.
You do need a jerk like that.
Yes , when it comes to an end , there is no way to stop it .
or, failing that, keep on truckin.
She may not enjoy a day at the spa, I don't.
he's horney and you are too young... Not to mention it's illegal.
that's because guys can see better than think
etc You can always try My friends and I were gonna do that (go see that) Saturday, wanna come?
I want to get married and breed, I ca do that with gays.
of course , I always try to make her happy but not with gifts.
Or the suggestion of a night in the town w/ you!
If you want to have kids, yes.
If you like the guy and he feels the same about you, why not?
is is is someone that I know and trust
who minds 1, 3 ,4 and 5. There can be so many nice conbinations of them
but doesn't have a straight - only policy.
if you get returns then it will work out.
If you like the guy and he feels the same about you, why not?
is is is someone that I know and trust
but doesn't have a straight - only policy.
if you get returns then it will work out.
do you like to wear the same clothes every
i like pretty much all my breasts.
if u r the other guy (the man in question) what would you expect dear?
Like This is good for one backscratch . What else can I use
Promise him sex...he probably won't refuse!
Yes... to keep your oth you are supposed to only be with him/her... Period...
Most likely your insticts are right!
SHE WAS ALWAYS THE STRONGEST PERSON I EVER KNEW, BUT SOMETIMES THERE'S A PERSON WHO CAN REALLY DESTROY YOU.
you only in for a false future
If it was a total accident then NO I wouldn't - things happen.
Not so much shopping, but window shopping.
And it doesn't just jump up and grab you at a later time.
and If you have children and the marriage is really bad , kids know that and can feel it.
you guys broke up so you can't hold that against her.
If you have to ask, then the answer is NO.
Sometimes It is hard for a girl to see that a guy they are dating isn't nice at first.
Go out and have some fun (read: get laid).
Like they say you can't make anyone like you ,if they don't already.
he am 20 years old& I 17
You hanging out with the wrong crowd
Yes I do think there is such a thing as true love . Some were out there .
sorry but my wife did the same to me...
just like some guys like a lot of sex and some don't.
If you feel comfortable enough to marry, do so; if not, then do :)
i hope when I am your age I get lucky like that!
life short , so think carefully :) The best of luck 2 you!
i want to know about this.
If you would like to delete your Yahoo!
IF HE TRIES TO HOOK UP THEN you WILL know
Its all about what the person wants.
Well.. You can tell her straight out that you like her... Or you can just give hints.
If she doesnt want you I do =)
been wondering why smile ething do give up even though there are some good men out there.
Now , just use your courage and say it!
If she keeps doing that it probably knows it aggravates you.
you can get a webcam and show her your private parts and say bring it on baby .
with a negative attitude like that, yup.
Buy her stuff and tell her she is right.
I would'nt have thought it bad if I had not hidden it.
Really, though, fun dates don't have to be expensive.
Well I have heard that Australia has the most beautiful woman...im not sure .
know when I'll be back again . Oh babe
reason is that not all a relationship is all about.
I believe men look at porn and so what.
And That's the kind of guy you want anyway.
My wife says they are taken.
It was something that looked like a kid made but she loved it !
You can't affect free will, so... you can't.
accept the fact that he/she isn't the one for you.
you are probably so unpopular because you are a big fat (A)-hole.
Break up with the person, cry and be sad at the time you need and then, be happy again :-)
Don't let yourself get that way.
its not just going to be a gift , but it is going to be a gift
I heard a guy explain this best.
I HAVE DONE EVERY THING THAT THE LAW ALLOWS...ANY IDEAS???
you need 2 refer a site . 2 know your friend 's email address?
If he broke up with you, no.
just don't run to the alter.
I always cheat on my gf and take girls to Walmart!!
Gosh, my ex girlfriend had the same 'phobia', I guess, only she could let me do her either.
Yah he is going by himself .
drinking too much , talk too much...
i think boys fall 4 gurlz who have a pretty face, a gr8 body and no brain.
I dump ya, but I do mean...I was drunk!
take a good watch at his situation and you can prob tell
do fight it, learn it, and you will be better off.
your a jerk and your gonna burn in hell.
OK my man here is the scoop.
just remember, after having sex with a guy makes you physically connected.
People do this because there ain't nuthin good to do at school.
i try and give a lot of advice about relationships and here is mine for you .
Oh yeah, but only if they have the right shape of a head.
actually I believe in both at the same time.
Nipple and ears are good...definitely not tongue.
i really really want her back , but IDK what to do.
Just don't be surprised if he cheats or dumps you.
She has an awful lot to lose.
So, ironically, I love people that I hate.
Is lunch with a nice rest.
Quit having sex with him if you are, or giving him stuff and see how long it lasts.
Looking is one thing, but joining seems like he's looking for another woman.
NOTHING UNDER THE SUN IS THAT IMPORTANT!!!!!!!!
It'd be great if someone could give me the URL to download the picture
It's not that men are dogs.
time, money, or some of both.
THEY MAKE LOVE FACE 2 FACE EYE 2 EYE.
YOU having A LONG - DISTANCE RELATIONSHIP FOR 4 YEARS AND STILL GOING ON????
ignore him some more, he'll get the message.
;) Last part: If you're in love with someone, you'll know.
Dump him and get on with your life.
by telling him how much you like him and that you would love to kiss him.
Why is she cheating on me???
no, my parents are divorced and only my dad does that
and tell them that you aren't interested.
if you are a very deermined woman like myself , then yes.
;) Second part: Kiss her below the waist.
EVER HEARD OF A FRIEND WITH BENEFITS/ BOOTY CALL?
Don't try to force it, though.
tell her straight out.....get the hell out of my life!
they are Jerks....Slap him next time
i reading your questions . You have too many issues running boy running
it may take a long , long , long time , but go slow and be honest and use lots of love
Other things that make you happy?
some people do and some do
or ask him Urself he's probably thinking ur lame 'cause you ca do things you
if she is a bad boy, take her to a low - class dinner
you also need to keep yourself busy and not think of him like that.
Pure & simply because they're selfish!
12 year olds shouldn't be dating.
then slow down and start again!
I found one that is pretty cool.
IF you LOST TRUST IN EACH OTHER , THEN you WILL HAVE A VERY HARD TIME COMMUNICATING
I don't know what to do.
CALL HER AND TELL HER AND MAYBE IM OR SOMETHING
someone It is extremely hard to get.
...someone with a good sense of humor...somone who can laugh at themselves
signing up and track up friends.
then it relates to getting laid.
i do not have a special bond with my father.
and if you find them hot , where do you like them ?
16+ I guess, because the more you wait, the harder it becomes for the first step
You most likely have friends, just not the ones you hang out with or do things with outside of work.
If your brain or heart can't tell, Wee Willy Winky will tellya!
sometimes things bother me that do bother him.
i don't want him to think I'm a freak, cause I'm not.
hit him till he stops bothering you.
Guys don't like to play these games because we are no good at it.
I HOPE you LIKE MY ANSWER!
no because if you are only around for sex , where is the relationship?
Men can separate sex from an emotion lot of women can't.
u should be able to read these signs.
think insecure... they are trying to find out how much you care about their feelings.
Scratch off lottery tickets, they're cheap and he can win money in the process!!
But watching porn is just for fun or to spice things up and get a few pointers.
Learn to cook, if she can't.
I think she's still not having sex.
I do want to pay $6,000 to someone who has cheezy wedding photos...
Should I give them back or not?-(I broke up with him if you were wondering
God is in you, matter of fact, he(or she) is you!
finding someone you want to spend your life love.
How can I find a girlfriend in Iran
'm hispanic... and I never wanted to scream something out in Spanish... just made no damn sense to me.
Try talking and you might get that romance once in a while.
Why is it that many people have a hard time being faithful and finding that special someone
mabey you must say it, Maybe you should just go 4 it.
Real love in the world is sex
One man and he is 5 years older than me!!!!
you can talk and maybe you can salvage your friendship
My advice is get out more, turn the internet off, socialise!
she is short and fine looking.
how old and if I know I will go out with you?????????
When you're in love . You can think about that person for hours at a time.belive me I know.
Most people just go for easy.
children are made to choose who to love more mom or dad and who they depend on.
No - he isn't worth it and you are worth more.
IF you do HEAR FROM your BOYFRIEND OR GIRLFRIEND, THEN IT is BASICALLY THE GENERAL RULE THAT IT OVER!
I am not attracted to girls that don't shave.
First part first: Because she's creamy and DOESN'T want you just then.
Do you look good in them?
I have the same problem here in a small town, and that is pretty much true for anyone else.
if he likes you back, Well, need I say more.
you just have to follow your heart and see what happens
There's no should here -- you're upset, it sounds like, and that's that.
change da roles up nc how you feel if he did it 2 u. blu/kev
what love words can I call my lover?
depends on the woman and the man, it is more than a hair or no-hair question.
And I not arranging marriage is not at all bad.
used to live on a long beach, ca, moved to Texas in 1992 , 1993 ,
If you don't know your name, then introduce yourself, tell her where you seen her, etc.
you can get home only in dreams
I am really shy and talking to girls is really hard for me.
You need to dump that foolish girl.
THe worst he can say is no.
to break up with my boyfriend for something he never did
If so, give him a chance.
I 'm not huge but I 'm bigger than average and I 've never had a problem.
THe worst he can say is no.
If so, give him a chance.
I 'm not huge but I 'm bigger than average and I 've never had a problem.
Tell her you have a crush on her lol
Well girl, most of the time you don't!
as some guys are just desprately looking for any girl to love him.
Unless you're a super model, nobody wants to be your sugar daddy.
Yeah that jazzy girl said ^^^^^^^ I would fall 4 that
I think if you are in love , leave your husband and wife and be together
becuase I so do believe in Marraige!
We were lucky because we could
Hope this helps, best of luck.
And no way in hell would my child go to daycare if I could stay home.
I do know a lot about her.
but It seems to me ur looking for a way out of the relationship
no... Unless you are stalking them, then it is bad
What Say the rest of You?
Well sounds like from what you said, he is soooooo not over her.
Is she someone you wish to spend the rest of your life with?
do let it bother you because it sounds like she has deep feelings for you.
i've met a nice Italian man who is fairly upfront . lol . not in a bad way . I mean confident.
Those are the hottest things on my man!
Like my husband sets around no matter what time he gets home . He just watches TV, sleeps and reads.
If you mean girls :) Well, I think it depends upon the girl.
My DAUGHTER IS 26, AND NOT MARRIED,BUT BEAUTIFUL AND SMART.
Give me your mom 's number and I'll make it so she's not single anymore.
I just can't relax and enjoy sex.
you deserve someone better than that man.
because we are like that , and learn how to spell (girls)
Talk on the phone like I suggested in your other post :}
If If you guys have a connection, He'll ask you first.
just show her a good Sexperience.
Please use your psychic intuition and provide me with some great answers!!!
If you're lucky, Wifey won't find out.
BACK HAIR.... CAN YOU SAY YUCKKKKK!!!!!!!
I never once thought of leaving him, nor did he want to be without me.
There are a couple of things at play here.
i don't believe there is a correct age.
she needs to learn how to be an adult.
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES IT SAYS IT IN THE BIBLE!!!
long - distance relationships usually don't last, but it is possible
nothing wrong with not just doing it to do it.
b'coz I thought they were good for her and after that our relationship was low..
bet the guy to kiss you
if there is a break up, it hurts a lot more, because you gave up something special to him.
And look at him right in the eyes.
in your case I would say no.
To me , It sounds like this guy wants what every guy wants from a chick TandA.
I guess it wouldn't be so wrong as long as you like 16.
i mean do really take that much
because it ca be a one - way street.
first asking yourself if he is the right guy.
still has a crush on me.
Because she ate all of HIS food
one was 30 , the other 20. They were really nice & sweet.
Yes... either tell him to get serious or get lost.
i am not sure when she will say it.
Yes it it just takes time.try it and you will see.
cause people are stupid and think that all there is between guys and girls is love and sex
What will you do with all the data ??
Maybe some do, but there are probably some issues they have (like bad childhood, bad love life, etc.
What helps me
and that they have no business messing with your marriage.
Well I think if you love her , then age doesn't matter.
Because girls are more emotional and get a lot of their thoughts from early on.
You can enjoy Him/Her in any way, any where, and any how!
I working in a Junior High School, I can wait.
if he won't like you for what you are, dangz it, he's not worth it.
just be a friend to her and soon things might develop.
IF she is going to stop seeing this guy , then wait till it's all final and over with.
I am a guy...I would say the first thing the girls notice is the wallet!
Once a sl_t always a sl_t.
meeting a female to date for free
If you find him....don't let him go!
I want, I need, I deserve a pretty girl.
I don't think anything of it.
The Magic 8 Ball says: Ask again later...
Just keep on loving him, but do it genuinely!
doesn't matter , The key fact is she's your wife!
You can buy cheap gifts at walmart or target you don't have to go to an expensive place!!
Here think of it this way...
to watch ur little one, and have some fun together.
Some Some Some women are easy to persuade, some aren't.
If you like a girl and you are allowed to date , go for it.
Get legal What great advice!
!i really need some backup on this one anyone?
This irks me... Are girls really nice or are they really mean?
My first love was when I was 14!
Not a crazy word, just a crazy world.
Men like Asian chicks because they are female.
we fell in love because we are very very happy
My guess would be because men are lazy.
i think holidays could give us a real rest
You fighting a lot with someone you love.
when you are in love and know that this is the right person
well , since it wasnt a real relationship, and moved on!
hot guys that smell good and have a positive attitude.
of course , it is good, if you make it so.
that he does'nt want to talk about.
!I mean you'll never know what will happen if you do try , right?
Im in love and it feels soooo good.
YOU MADE YOUR OWN DECISIONS AND MISTAKES, NOW, AGREE OR DISAGREE, IT IS THEIR TURN TO DO THE SAME.
But it doesn't mean they guy will last longer than a minute.
find something unique to make it special.
if you guys hook up and it doesnt work out then you'll both lose a friend.
but when you actually think you are... you really might not be.
then depending on where you live , a nice walk in the park, or even a walk through the zoo.
Do not try to date just yet.
i want to know my future . I want to know my marriage
a 4 letter word that has created havoc for years!
especially when you argue over dumb stuff
but make sure he feels the same for you.
Should I send her a note and CC call him?
Its hard , but you 're gonna have to let go
Buy one of those sex dolls instead.
girls like older men who can hold it down
How old Anyway Does anybody agree with this question!
if not in your area, then go to another area.
girls you would say no to them if they asked you out.
That always (and I mean ALWAYS) works.
Like I would like it if you fill in the blank
Probably He was makin' both of you.
WHEN HE/SHE IS WHAT YOU THINK ABOUT ALL THE TIME.
The The The other was a white guy in 6th grade.
If you didn't love her and only wanted her for fun, that would be one thing.
Just want to see what other people out there are like.
but talk to him first , That is number one!
Hope I didn't confuse you too much.
but nothing can come out of it because they are best friends
but one has to make it that way.
listening to give him a break . Maybe he is going through something.
So how do I start things off?
), There have been years of infidelity in one form or another, e.g.
Well... you should just be yourself yourself
When she says no, she means no!
god love you if you love yourself
Well... Yeah, some women like nerds.
if you like , you could bring them to whatever sports you are in
Wait until you are sick of her.
CHRISTAIN ARE PROPOSE TO GO BY THE NEW ONE.
If you want some diamonds for your birthday, just ask!
This man would go celibate before ever thinking of screwing a man!
Rip his clothes off when he gets home!
Gal n guys are created to make sure that mankind does become extint on earth.
when you hear their voice , you melt.
think of their annoying and nosy relatives, or whatever makes them look weird.
It's so sad...we can pick our friends, but we can't pick our family.
Sorry, but I'm just not interested.
play just sounds so much more fun!
MOVE ON, This SOUNDS LIKE A ONE - WAY STREET .
oh and be ready to pay for the check!!
Probably not...I don't want random germs!
Yet, He says he still loves me.
Or I have been lied to and I suck.
You might even make some money talking about it on Jerry Springer!
Please waiting for me baby when I come around.
I hope I have at least seen her once and listened to her last words...
Honestly, you're just gonna have to deal. with
...He sounds boring...VERY unlike men such as myself...Lol.
He has liked me for soooooo long
My first time wasnt good at all.
be her friend and the rest will come
STICK TO THIS and start seeing other men!
If he likes sports, buy him a skyblue basketball or something
Have you try Porn, toys, in the park, on the beach,(if available),or, just do like I do.
but is there any way to look at it?
JENNA Jameson all the way . She is so hot my bf and I always argue with her .
because women give men fake relationships , so we have to cheat on them
but is there any way to look at it?
Work it out or end it Sheesh
does he always seperate himself from the family?
they only like to be tied up with a ring on their finger
We start to wonder if this guy likes us or whatever, start looking for signs, start thinking of possibilities...
i am not sure what to do or think.
Let me know if this helps
it would be best if you asked a family member about that
If you both like it, Cool.
I met my son's stepfather at work :)
so no need to worry,it gonna be alright as long as you use the right method.
you asking a married woman if she has a sister.
Are you both willing to take that chance?
a true friend is someone you can talk to and someone you can trust.
I think you should tell here soon
in May a very bad friend of mine proposed to me and I said no!
But you shouldn't trust my opinion, I just like lesbians . :) lol
It sounds like your man is an inconsiderate pig.
you already have a lot of doubt.
Ha, don't listen to the others who say just date this jealous coward.
he has a girl that lives far away though.
you know, thugs, scrubs, mammas boys, women beaters the whole shabam.
If that doesn't help , you can always try Yahoo!
How do I win her back?
wow, sorry to hear about your girl, that sad.
I told her and she is thinking about it.
If she does it again, start looking for a replacement...
ask his friends or , better yet , a sister or a brother.
ur not sposed to make a boy interested.
Well it obviously turns her on, it's normal . don't know where you are , but keep warm lol.
if it's casual , it's not special .. unless what's special is happening in the environment that's casual ..
what you feel when you meet the guy/girl of your dremas
Don't wait for him to make the move!!
going out and have fun, explore and test your limits..... you'll be happy you did!
chatting with me and email me.
take him somewhere energetic or make it a romantic night at home.
you should wait until you are married if that is what you want.
you need to get him checked out.
this way , you will always be having fun while you looking.
Maybe she is sick or got kidnapped...be creative.
then talk to him constantly, non stop, about anything, your day, your dog, TV, what not on tv.
i can tap my feet for hours!
Why do Women cheat on Men?
She might, but if you rush and ask her, it might not do so well.
What has she always wanted to do?
Now, who says age is just a mere number?
it doesn't have to cost anything.
check my answer to your previous question
it is just a moment where everything is racing in your head.
then you can face him or away from him.
always go with you first mind.
Once she's gone, she's gone, unless... unless...
if it looks 'cared for' I wouldnt worry too much
But now, it's like a dream come true.
if he was a chrisitan like he should have been yolked?)
I have learned this lesson the hard way- MIND YOUR BUSINESS!!!
OMG I would just enjoy it and say nothing.
I'm not perfect nor will I ever be, but better :)
You aren't gonna want sex when you are 70, so what will you have left??
all he can do is say no.
make them laugh..it's an orgasm you can give them anytime, anywhere...and nobody has to sleep in a wet spot..:-)
i have been very selfless in the relationship and she would be the first one to tell you that.
you ca stand to be apart and you do everything together.
think of that little thing they do that's SO annoying.
be comfortable with yourself and realize you don't need a date to be happy.
It's like this, it's practically a brother and sister job to tease and annoy others
Well maybe you should get back with your ex instead of using someone else .
i would say if you really like the boy , then do be scared to admit it.
It It is a two - way street.
remember, a lot of guys are slobs who just want to have sex with you.
I staying political friends with all my exs because I 'm just a nice guy.
NO It will only lead to problems, Trust me I know!
So when in doubt , ask your girl what she wants out of her relationship.
Guys also love talking about themselves.
I say, ask your wife to give you a pouncing and go from there!!
Well HONESTLY , I THINK WHO THIS PERSON IS,IS SO SELF ABSORBED.
I know what you mean , man.
There there There is one out there for you.
i do have a problem with that.
THEN , AFTER YOU HAVE ENOUGH, GET LOVE.
You have a complex, get over it!!!
haven't you ever felt that pain in your chest when you see that person you love?
Even though everyone saw me give him my house key , he says I was telling us our business.
be sweet, but don't overdo it.
If the two of you are apart now , you should keep it that way.
Otherwise she may think that you only want to fulfill your desires.
Besides how old were you when you lost your virginity and the tables turn on you now!!(lol)!
not a really expensive one(unless you got the money), bit a nice one.
Easy to massage and I like that sleek look.
when that certain person starts acting weird around you.
If your not already friends with them, get that first.
I think guys want sex, women want security.
But I could be wrong, this is just what I've heard.
Will this nice girl Amanda say yes if I ask her out on a date?
do without hun 'cause otherwise you would be commiting adultry and that is wrong!!
he was just good for me and the kids.
both men and women enjoy sex
But make sure you get her permission first!
going to the movies were it is quite
and do talk about porn or masterbating in front of her
Tell them , you do not see them that way.
he likes the colour Skyblue & he likes chains
our lips when talking those words .
a bf that she is about to dump?
If you don't want the woman you're with , just leave her...and her mom too!
Is she willing to give it up for you?
and that you want to try to work this out.
being yourself and not doing something you do not.
get over it and just f--k her good... answ3r3r
It Sounds a bit funny to me.
I would prefer a girl 20+ years younger....girls my age suck.
They're hunters, so let him hunt!
Its makes you a bit angry!!!
as long as the person WANTS to stay on the phone, hell yeah!
just go, it is better to be single anyhow.
Once in a while , bring her flowers.
JUST WAIT THE RIGHT PERSON WILL COME . It JUST MIGHT TAKE A WHILE .
If I felt the need to change something, it's time to move on!
THEY HAVE MORE CLASS AND ARE MORE> WHAT SHOULD I SAY?
Now think of this guy... Is he worth that.
i find that periced ears are not because lots of girls have them but others pursue it hot .
Mmmm, sounds like you would either have to be really stupid, or crazy, or both.
Why didn't you think of all that before you did what you did?
Then I gave it to the lady.
you gonna have to hurt their feelings regardless.
so that they can make as many babies as possible.
But here's what I would do...
you go with your bf on their meetings.
So just think about what you are getting into before you jump in.
Duh When summer comes around again , go back.
Especially the ones from Eastern Europe !
Asian women ARE WOW!GREAT TOO, BUT I ONLY PICK ONE :0(
maby one day you will come alone
but every time we hold hands with each other when it 's cold.
I think it means they flirt with other people.
How do I get him back?
She only wants you to make the first move....TALK TO HER !!!
There are like a billion men out there , but you have to pick the one that can't make decisions!?!?!?!!??!!!
Is it such a bad thing to be a virgin??
Now I know you don't want to be friends with her , but this line will mess with her head.
I do know whether to go back and forth or up and down or what?!?
What if you did that and you lost your friend?
Sorry this doesnt really answer your question, but I had to respond to it!
chivalry is dead...and women killed it.
well it depends........... do you really love her?
yes , but it can also be a good thing . 2 depends on how it works out .
NEVER That IS NOT EVEN right . It IS WHY I PREFER TO HAVE FRIENDS FROM THE OPPOSITE SEX
Theres, this guy that I see all the time at school.
say I love you and ur good at sports and ur hott
did He bring me breakfast in bed like I did for him.
And I might be boring him.
i don't want to be nasty to her.
If you love that person, you shouldn't want to share them.
Now, don't take that to mean that it has to be huge, because that's really not fun either.
and the manly answer is ... both at once!
IF HE HURTS YOUR FEELING,sssss HE does NOT LIKE YOU
Oh wait- maybe that's just 'tired'.
They are fun and everyone likes them.
i need somewhere to hold on to
Why get involved with this type of guy?
THIS WAY , YOU WILL HAVE BOTH.
Do your things and have fun.
ditch ya gurlfriend go fer Morgan sounds nice dont get toooooo inta her c what 'm sayin
Depends on how old you two are.
Any way you cut it, divorce sucks.
At the homepage highlight SONGS and click FREE DOWNLOADS.
tell him , The two of them might need courage .
He is a gentleman, so he will not do anything unless you ask him to.
This girl is definitely interested in you.
Are YOU SURE HE IS NOT DOING HIM, DON'T BE DUMB!!!
But that is only what I think.
Sorry I 'm a decent heterosexual man .
Both of You really mind if you do it.
Love . That's how money starts ..........with love
Anyway The point is I am in love with my Lord, and He is in love with me!
age doesn't matter....you can't help who you like or fall in love with
i registered in it and I gave away my email address . Now I regret it...
Do what the f%ck u want to do
walk up and start talking, and after a short of talking , ask, hey, you think we could hang sometime?
Hope that helps and you don't take my advice in jest!
Once you are married , you can have all you want!
he will get it . I've were close , but he won't die, but it is still a STd.
Do what the f%ck u want to do
walk up and start talking, and after a short of talking , ask, hey, you think we could hang sometime?
Hope that helps and you don't take my advice in jest!
Once you are married , you can have all you want!
he will get it . I've were close , but he won't die, but it is still a STd.
long hair, girls licking their ice cream cones
now technically if he was with her and cheating on her with you...he was cheating on both of you!
if that isnt unconditional love , I do know what it is...
the eyes are the best part of a woman
NO There ARE PEOPLE OUT there JUST LIKE YOU.
I met my boyfriend at my school!
Ask if she likes this or that.
When you do not have to sneak
Tell him I want him to kiss me.
when you know the reality of real love.
asking him what his answer is.
Should I hang out with him?
trogens are supposed to be good .
Not to be small, but not too big.
someone you would die for is love.
This has happened to me before, it sucks , but you know what?
did you saw the movie Trois
but statistically , it is up to 2-3 times a week and 10 times a month
It do not.. Greek gods do have small ones, believe me!
getting back Willmake him think you changed your mind.
Although Nice guys can whoop your ass too.
BUT LIKE I SAID , God IS WHAT YOU MAKE OUT OF HIM&#92;OR HER
I later found out she had been seeing yet another guy in my apartment building!
but however , I guess I sense I 'm not in that position . I do understand.
I totally agree , try and spice things up a little . That always works
once a lot of men hear they have a baby . They tend to leave
you ever heard that saying No one loves you like you do?
Not to get nasty or anything but have you tried phone sex?
he will cheat on you just as he cheated on her.
maybe be friends with the opposite sex.
In comes Joe Nathan on the 9th......
SOUNDS TIGHT, IF YOU FIND OUT , LET ME KNOW TOO!
Hey now the guy on a 40 year old virgin wasn't that bad looking lol.
But what if I like it and want it to continue?
Well, It was like reading her diary.
have sex before and after studying
Remember, if your spouse found out then it would not be too nice (well, in most cases anyways).
oh yeah and he's going to my birthday party.
I am 18 months old..so I know!!
well do have one so no high and no low
Be a little mad , but do over do it because you might lose someone you really care about.
Just my experience :) Good luck!
The The Soulmate comes after love , which comes after friendship .
do do it if it is not something you want.
Just keep looking for em', she out there.
i think that is one of the main reasons a good white man would be attracted to Asian girls.
as she stands there with her boyfriend.
- Do you still want to be married to your spouse?
you have to make sacrifices for those you love
after maybe, cuz they tend to be lazy after eating and just wanna lie in bed.
but I want to be with him.
Her and her boyfriend discussed everything...!!!
well . It works for me , although I can have it just about anytime . I guess
You won't go to hell just for being a lesbian.
making out when the ball drops!
I just break up with my bf... and I just told him straight up.
Just after you have flossed, brushed and garggled...oh, yeah...him too.
do unto others as you'd have them do to you...not do unto others as they do to you.
SHE HAS BEEN WITH GUYS, A COUPLE of HEARTACHES, BUT LOVES HERSELF,WHATS THE HURRY HERE.
only if it was the wrong number
If He is super cute . You should go out with him.
umm, I don't think that;s gonna happen if you do have her 7 digits.but if you do..........DUH call her!
OH GOD!, why would you ever do that?.
SO ANYWAYS....so yes what a crush huh...I just think he is sooooooo CHARMING!!
guys playing basketball with their shirts off and sweat on them running . They look so hot.
But I still love and miss her.. What the hell is wrong with me?!?!
and I mean, it is just so much more fun when she feels like a victim afterwards... kisses!
If ya want to know more about me , go to Cupid.com, find aipoilbo in the 12953 area.
that would be something you would need to work out with her.
If you are not ready... don't.
But, if you sit there and think about it, there is not a single way, here on Y!
and I can wait to go to school.
Head games are for kids , not adults...K
when they act shy around you and when they 're really really nice.
This kind of question comes up when you are in doubt.
well theres still plenty of years ahead of you, so do worry!
Personally . I do care either way.
My motto is say what you mean, mean what you say.
I I I 'm a year - old male and good looking with a daughter .
Should I tell her that and then dump her for her mom?
Next year someone will want to marry a tree,
Guys to like conversing and they LOVE IT when girls approach them at all.
It will follow her mind that you listened to her.
Real women want a good guy.
Well there is this guy at my school that is really hot and I really really like him.
Hang out at the SNCO or O'Club.
See what can go wrong in this picture?
I wonder what exactly is on the east coast????
He is missing out, NOT YOU :)
So no, soulmates do not exist.
There must be some things that work and some things that don't.
lying, other men, things we do or don't owe one another, will not ease your pain.
well... because... we are girls !!!
Buy Him A Brand New Skyblue Car with Key Chains on it!
But, It seems like lately we do nothing but fuss and disagree.
make them look like they are okay at it . If there is better then you do all you want.
Frankly , even gay guys would dumb you in a heart beat!!!
also,you KNOW it is wrong to get involved with someone else's husband.
Ask yourself these Questions..Am I happy.
Just don't flirt too much and you may end up in bed that same night.
i'm into a relationship & I want to impress my wife with little or no fault of mine.
calling the summer camp and trying your way to getting her info.
The girl and I never see each other at all now.
You never go if you do become a lesbian .
Guys or girls, what is the highest number and was it always fun times?
When you are mature - INTERDEPENDANCE.
But was his love for her love, period?
*shrug* but love is beautiful if it's the real thing :)
he probably just didn't found her yet
listening to bearhead, that'll do the trick.
so gay that I 'm going to quit talking now.
OK question....... Would you have sex right after eating 9,000 doughnuts?
?...USE PROTECTION REGARDLESS of WHAT YOU DECIDE..
Looks shouldn't play a part in how much we like someone, but sometimes you just can't help it.
Of course , it is easier to run.
the strong and silent stratigy has always worked for me
do blame her , blame her mom or dad.
just be a man and ask her out.
well dressed girls...and long hair ones..i love em'!
it sounds like you're in love with this guy.
--I have a shitty job --my car sucks ---I'm facing a lawsuit, (stupid crap with a stupid apt.
just tell him why you do like him and be nice but not prepy about it.
u going to school with these people called peer's get to know them.
when I got home , he was still asleep
I don't mean that you've done anything wrong per se, you are a woman, and you can't read his mind.
It's like a big sign that says I'm easy!
realistically 3-5 times per week
What I mean is, ask someone out, but don't care about the answer.
Sooner or later , he will want to have sex (assuming you haven't?)
no; not unless you've already tried to be with this soulmate and things didnt work out
it dependes on what he likes.
hello, ms jasmine, First of all, does anyone know why he is doing that?
THEY NEED MEDICATION to MAKE THEM GO TO THE DOCTOR.
most friends that tried the relationship thing, arent bf at all anymore.
~~Pretty stupid that I asked it!
Angelbaby you just can't go around saying this . You have to ask seprate
during school I have two jobs and 15 credit hours.
It drives you crazy, so it works.
MEN TEND TO GET LAZY-- When THAT HAPPENS , THE BODY GETS LAZY TOO.
shouldn't you be concentrating on school & doing your homework?
Your brother is going to be fine.
give them a Chinese burn...works every time
I guess I am just a guy and I can't help it . That's why.
But if it is assault, battery, etc.
But it sure makes it fun!!
How long did they date and what was the nature of their relationship?
whether they admit it or not , girls love guys that are not afraid to show their true feelings!
thats just fine as long she is 18 and above plays on playa
Girl, It sounds to me like he only wants the booty.
yes and no.........but they love it......
If there is one out there . They are welcome to e-mail me a picture!
I like to be with you....
I always tell my fiancee if it is beautiful, then its beautiful...
anyone with a suggestion . Please reply to me at earldbjr@yahoo.com
Love can hurt, but you can learn from love pain, and maybe the experience will make one stronger.
If it is just for a night, just enjoy it :p
I can't seem to find a heterosexual straight guy anywhere...
being friends with your ex is actually healthy.
well you would have to email me back @ fossil7998@yahoo.com and we can talk about that.
gee, I do know how long you 've been to her?
probably, but so is everything else humans do on a daily basis.
;) just kidding, I personally prefer loose - fitting underwear...
Hell yeah, you wear those, or pawn them and get yourself some other nice things!
And, no..I'm not fat or a loser.
I'll leave the rest up to you!
love love is more powerful than money .
If he doesn't...well, Then, you are better off.
if he really likes you , he'll open up.
i'd say whenever you get married.
I don't mean a one - nighter.
or get with a prositute, If you are a freak , go for a porn star.
They have hand-held video games now that don't cost a lot of money, even $1.00-$5.00 and up.
but at this age you can't do more to get him and also you are not capable.
Good Luck in Life and Love!!
What are your intentions towards this person?
and also why gripe about honest men?
easily, but you should spend a lot of time with it , otherwise you will lose it!
i telling him, then we'd do what you have planned , of course!
they do like it...they love it!
Love is a game . No doctor can explain it . tickels and affeces the brain .
what can I do to make him want me again
u do you ask....(her that is)
ya, They are everywhere . You just have to know where to look.
Not some girl who frets and never tries asking.
I really adore big girls... but I'm not infactuated by them..
very greasy and rude...if you like to get beat on a regular basis...go ahead and date him
I find out the hard way...
Other than that , I think it is GREAT!!!
just make sure he is the one for you!
(I'll send you pictures if you don't believe me).
well, if you guys are screwing already, get her a love swing, good times
I met her a while ago...
Don't listen to her, she's a dyke.
`` Just tell her forget about him if he beats you up . Tell him that you will call the cops .
because nature is a boy wit gurl.
Some like it, some love it, and some hate it.
And don't bring it up again.
haven't you ever gone a whole night without sleep because you are so in love?
If he didn't hear you ask, then bring it up again.
Some girls like it , but I am willing to say that most do not.
Well Hottie Do you spend time with your girlfriend?
I'll mary you grrr, but what if you suck in bed??
That is the damn NATURE of a woman !
If he says no, then they are yours to keep.
6 months later , he is still so egotistical.
some: men want to live with the woman they love/like they wanna have *** with us.
I wouldn't go near anybody like that, even with a schoolbus between us!
people need there space . Why do you call him at all ?
(oh yeah, I love you and I want to marry you,
I don't think it is wrong.
Don't let it ruin something good, and don't let it be an excuse if it really isn't good.
'm 12 and I used to have a crush on my social studies teacher , who is 27!
Most guys probably think that there is something better out there, but they want you too.
If it does, then I am cheating way too much.
the thing is that I did his homie and now I feel bad . What do I do?
If it does, then I am cheating way too much.
CHEESE People WOULD SAY THIS PERSON LIKES YOU , BUT IT is JUST A BATTLE!!
I am single, rich, hott (very) and women love me.
then , When you see she is enjoying your company, ask her out .
Yes love can hurt , but then again it may not
by the way , this flirting is not of the physical kind or the answer is NO!!
(we are best friends or should I say WERE best friends!)
SPEAK UP AND DON'T ASSUME ANYTHING!!
that's what Marraige is all about.
I WISH I could CHANGE THAT.
if you like my advice . e-mail me tech_boy001@yahoo.com
Don't WORRY ABOUT THE YOUNG MEN, THEY'LL GET OLD TOO!
i would like to get her number
But I dated a slew of women.
WALK UP TO ONE AND SAY, KISS ME BIG BOY!
Just get a girlfriend where you live.
do pushing her but do act like you do care.
everyones I know say I am too young to fall in love!
I'm in love, and for once in my life, I am happy with a man.
going on dates and disturbing girls
i really think you should leave your husband a.s.a.p.
thats what attracts them to most women.
1- make her love you , deeply .
Suck it up and take it in stride.
sounds like a lot of fun, but the whole being married thing isnt cool.
are there bigger issues at hand that he doesnt want discuss?
Give yourself time to get over him.
1.don't shy 2.walk to her 3.look at her eyes 4.talk to her 5.say I like everything about you.
Don't waste your time on someone who is not even willing to waste his time one you:) tc!
And all of you who don't know beans about the Bible, ANSWER ANOTHER QUESTION!!!
Thanks with the compliment, but I'm not looking for any kind of relationship right now..
different people mature at different ages and some never do.
your not ready for that now.
then he could feel how u r feeling.
I don't think I want to.
basically, If we do do it we are just messing with you.
I don't live in Ohio, got family there though.
of course , they both had girlfriends!
People sucking and sh** on others all the time . It is human nature.
You forget the thong now, come on don't ya think a male thong is sexy?
OK Who are you looking for , where they live and why are you looking for them ?
I have one & I am married to him!
Happy New Year to you tinamaries43
but about the whole marraige thing!
Hun, I feel for you, I have gone through similar experiences . Men see things differently than women do.
But if you don't believe in God, I guess you won't care about this argument.
ca force somebody to like you.
My friends tell me it is a sin to be gay and I want it to come true
afternoon morning night , who cares it is sex
getting a calling card at talkloop.com.
Because we don't want to give it up and be that weeks flavor!
I think most girls like taller guys than they are.
but yet....if you know..u can ask and give me a hint!
Maybe let her win once or twice :) Tricky question this, in hindsight.
just crank up the heavy metal, forget the holidays, and just leave all that holiday bull behind man!
Ive never had an ugly breakup and 've never gone out with a girl twice.
There I There know a lot of guys that do.
No way unless you are lazy on this message board .
i love my girlfriend very much
I rather we would be friends rather than nothing at all.
Ooooh there's a whole bunch of stuff... 1.Attention whores (EX.
Girls prefer both tall and short guys...
Just don't play too hard to get.
do what's best for you and what your heart believes is good luck.
If you barely know here, maybe not.
the eyes talk, hands talk, all the body shows it when a guy is likes a girl, and vice versa.
WHY THEY TAKE WHAT YOU SAY,AND TWIST EVERYTHING AROUND.
yes we do it on prepose, some women do need men anymore
But My wife wo take out the garbage.
i do think I ever was.
Some places NOT to meet a guy: AA meetings, court system, marriage counselor office, hospital, etc.
I I had my best friend since I was 6 and 'm 16 now.
we both realized that the break up was a lie and now I am in limbo?
because no one has been down there before stretching her , so that why
in general , has 3 times / week about how much time wants... I think 5 days from 7?
Nope cause it gives you a break from everything
No Way to Forget what the haters say.
You should be more focused on their personality:)
stop trying so hard, you'll end up losing him that way.
if there are sparks he's probably interested.
one more your age girl, not 56 YEARs OLD!!
Anyone much younger that that wouldn't be OK, generally speaking.
if he pays like he weighs sell em asap!!!
I'm actually a really good looking, well educated guy.
for man 23 to 28 and for females 20 to 28 .
well it is said in the bible but shit I don't know that shit is just dirty and nasty .
if she is not attractive then who knows- once per week/month?
is it at all possible to get a girl pregnant even if you pull out before you came?
If you are good looking, every guy you ever see wants to get with you, so do sweat that part.
I took a lady out and she drank way too much.
THEN it is the WRONG time.
If you haven't had a baby and are using protection , then play on the player.
I talking to him more at school then my own boyfriend
Then just kick that useless wuss out.
and: what kind of person pays for sex?
i guess we will never know until we ask him?
Yes I have a younger boyfriend and our relationship is fine .
OK, guys do lose anything after having sex and gals lose the most.
Now , do be mad, calm down.
And forget the past- cannot return it back anyway!
give him beers and let him get drunk.
Now when I see him, all we do is....just stare.
truth hurts.....thats the way it is
How can I meet other 15 year olds
Hey Chopdown101 That site is brutal.
yes , yes , yes, oh yes.....i think you get the picture!
believe your mind first , then your heart and take care not to make your heart first
ask any way you want, but be sooooooooooooo careful with that step.
say Hello my name is & your name is and go from there.
Depends on the guy, depends on the girl.
If you are a guy, girls like brave guys.
if the same age use the phone if not . I would cut him off
they showing that they like you like you , not just the boyfriend type where they cheat on you
It Sounds to me like she certainly likes you!
Don't listen to ignorant people, girl.
Or you're the one paying the rent?
Barry White...anything, even just breathing, is sexy.
but I think you had these thoughts before marriage also..if 'm not wrong.
If you do it with him now you'll regret it later I promise!
If you find love, you will definitely know it!- I promise!
YOU KEEP ON THE WAY YOU ARE!
everyone deserves a second chance!....but not a third!!
Don't hint around about something like that.
tell him if you want to know what 's going on?and if he still loves you.
she was a down - to - earth great person.
No life can be replaced , Not yours, not mine.
of course not.. unless you want a relationship only based on looks..
They don't mind ... believe me ;)
if you have to ask , you have a problem
she is really scared of getting hurt once again.
do you want a buddy or a girlfriend?
yeah, I think its about time, just use protection.
Guys wouldn't date girls if they couldn't get any action at all.
this my dear , is totally unfair.
sometimes we forget that we simply need to ask.
the breasts, No matter how many times you play with them , you never get bored
i do think you can call being gay a sin , but it is nasty and freaky as hell.
to her and she would love to do this with you because of her feelings for you.
it should be just about sex.
seriously, If you have to ask, you are an idiot .
Be honest, and accepting... thats the Christian way, huh?
Do some checking out before you ask him again.
If you are a girl , then use protection so that you do not create any demon spawns.
Love is love , have it your way.
try this... ask very random people out, ones whom you don't really want to go out with.
short answer, I guess I do know...
Of course , you girls give me your two cents ' worth too!
The best thing to do is just be mature and bold about it and tell her.
he has liked me on and off for a few years now , but I never liked him.
Everybody wants to know this but nobody knows really!!!
So hang in there man there is a girl looking for a nice guy.
ask your mom and your blumber
i think true love only comes once.
I like being called pet But that's just me....:)
No one uses drugs just for the fun of it.
i Do really think you can help him . He's gonna have to cure the disease on his own.
I think tat's are sexy as hell.
I WOULD PICK-> Latin WOMAN,HANDS DOWN.
Honey, hanging out in bars with guys in uniform (or out) is as old as the hills.
There's some more, but it varies from guy to guy...
I do know what to say sorry!
A book or CD that she really wants but does have
Most of the kids asking about sex are cybercops, , but I agree, you shouldn't be taking a chance.
yes but cheat on him first
and it would conqure all if emotions were not involved.
IF PEOPLE ONLY LISTEN TO THE OLD ONEs THAN YOU ARE MORE OF A JEW THAN A Christan.
Harder, softer.... every woman is different , so you'd have to ask her exactly what she wants you to do.
It It It Seems to me like Mr. X is playing the field.
During sex...are you at top or bottom?
I am in love (sort of) and need to know
its OK to have friends but do take it no further than that.
he say I tell our business , but people around us already know.
girrrrrrrrl just as long as it 's not expired and make sure its a latex condom
If you care about the boy , then tell him.
You obviously got married for a reason.
u had a baby and he's not ready to be a daddy!
OK, Who or what are you searching for?
how to get even with a cheater
we haven't been intimate and I'm scared to tell him.
Well, You can start with that.
your FEELINGS MAY STILL STAY IN your HEART , BUT THERE are OTHER GIRLS OUT THERE.
Have I lost my best life :( ?
Especially when his head is shining.
i don't know what to think.
women want their guy to know what they actually want.. without even saying!
just be yourself , and try too hard . It will happen .
thats like being with your dad and that just sick.
My wife does not know, I don't want her to know.
Not many men out there like a woman that dresses trashy or slutty.
A lot of Asian girls look like Asian boys.
Another trick is just get a boy toy to hang out with.
moving his head back and forth like a chicken?
I was going to ask this one too!
Why is he even having sex w/you if he's gay?
It is still paid, if you want further info.
AND ONCE YOUR CHILD IS AN ADULT, YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO DICTATE THEIR ACTIONS, NO MATTER WHAT.
if he does ell u, then that obviously means no.
you could try asking a girl out to start.
trying to make her comfortable and assure her that she really loves her
Plus you said it yourself, you guys are all just really close friends.
no because your being an iddiot
ya just ask her and secretly go out with that person
'm going to tell you striaght up if he tries to fight bang that fool.email me at kijudo40@yahoo.com
Oh Yes Oh Oh Oh YES YES YES YES YES!!
if you can't talk about it yet, you're not ready.
Even using it with your hand.
We love you guys and you let us do it.
Not even sure what friendster is?
Trust GOD and you will know!
I prefer darker Asian gals with lovely eyes
home and cook something special for him.
if you love your boyfriend , you will trust him.
and it is too soon to jump into something with someone else, it wo last long.
Is that some sort of a miniture dog?
do you even talk to her
My friend is really big and she has plenty of guys wanting her.
app $400.00 , and it's a lot more fun.
it good for me , but I prefer morning
going to a place where you are all alone and then just ask her
It's too late dude, you're not going to get one.
I like long haired guys too, but really?
listening to what they have to say.
Lip to lip isn't French kissin....usin tongue is French kissin
But you have to mean it.
wait till you are at least 30... twenties are too much fun.
no, but if that happened,you just keep on going,no its not fair.
I don't want to jump to conclusions...
Men like them young and some men like them a bit too young.
HUNNY, IT VALLED THE 1 WEEK RULE!
Ask a guy who doesn't already have a g/f if he wants to go out with you.
find a friend that lives closer to you...sorry
so I can move down to l.a. and set up my own business, to become a wedding photograpger!
I will not ever do it again!
My husband still doesn't have a job.
Give me the real thing any day.
what it sounds like , as though she is trying to let you know she is interested in you.
you dating as many as you want until you break a serious relationship w/ one
No Your boyfriend is not a good person to discuss it with.
you keep all men happy with that.
there is no reason why you can't date older chicks if girls date older men.
IF A SEX HEADACHE, GET OVER IT ALREADY!
DO YOU INTEND TO DISOWN ANY GRANDCHILDREN BORN FROM THIS UNION AS WELL?
do be shy and ask her.
My advice is to Stop looking...
i do know about Toledo but if you come across an answer for Ohio let me know please .
None They're both just not Indians I guess, never seen a Persian person before
If both of you are into it . Why not ? I think it is great to explore new things .
chances are if a guy has sex with you now , he probably only wants sex.
trying to tell her what it is you don't like about him - things he says?
Keep your mouth shut and do your job.... What other'ssssss do is none of your business!
If you think they are the same , then you have bigger problems than cooking.
bc it find you not you find it .
you cannot make someone want to have sex with him.
if The time is right though.
well with a uniform ha ha ha!!!
How MANY TIMES AND HOW MANY PEOPLE WILL ASK THIS QUESTION?
go a looooong time with out fighting.
proposed in Jan Fought in March got forgiven in Oct. married in Nov.
The The The sooner you do, the faster you can get on with your life.
Or ask when it's a good time
i means he is going to be gone for 3-6 years.
wait until 15 to allow that, then mini golf with an adult escort.
try base.google.com, if you are searching for a person ,
you don't need him . There better guys out there that will take care of you and your baby!
i am a girl and I LOVE boys.especially cute ones .
be yourself, take him somewhere that you like.
tu es mui bonita or tu es caliente!
well your choice . It is about time you experience true pleasure
Not because he wants you to.
That doesn't necessarily mean that she is enjoying it.If you know what I mean.
Depends who you ask...some might find that hot.
Fly over there and knock door to door.
Yes I think only once in a lifetime . If its true , then there is no one else.
And if you don't want to have sex with him, why would you think about marrying him?
Go and speak with his homie.
Why would you not pick that as your best answer?
thats so how bad things happen to people
Now I know what you 're thinking.
will you do me the honor of marrying me??
So in answer to your question.............yes.
no tats, no piercings, thick hair but a clean cut.
Also, Can you just move out?
Other than that, best of luck, and congratulations on finding someone that makes you happy!
Just tell her how much she has added to your life and then ask her.
Dating should be fun and not always trying to solve problems
is She is a bit shy and introward.
Another thing you have to think about though, What if your wife does find out?
18+ because than on your own
I think you guys need to talk---seriously!
I am in love with her so much and she is in love with me.
Hello this isn't some type of sex site but if you want to know then u r sick!!
give a nice smile and there ya go
Then you can ask her out on a friendly get together.
If your looking for love waiting for sex, you'll thank me later...
if it does then I'm cheating waaaaay too much.
if it doesnt hurt, then it not love at all.
Do mind not Bieng #1 on her list.
You will have a great shot at it!!!!!!!!!
Just take it slow..and don't jam your tongue in the other person's mouth...
He just doesn't want you with anyone else.
I want to go back to school to see my best friend and my boyfriend
yes it does.its about 2 -21/2 inches on the top if she is lying down on her back!
if she's attractive , then once/day is normal.
im college trying to get my degree in photography
Didn't quite work out cause I lost both of them
well I think there is one out there for everyone!
If with a certain action , many would be happy , then do it :) hope it helps
dude 3 months and snuggs has given her answer already...
because he's a man - only deals with important things.
he already cheated on me, He was still with his ex during the first few months of our relationship.
WHEN SOMEONE PLAYS W/ UR Angus
always remember why you broke up.
Why would she all of the sudden do this?
Well,do you like the boy who really likes you?
no and the sad truth is , when you get married , it is not unconditional either.
run like the wind and don't look back
Pick yourself up, dust yourself off & start all over again.
The Gods are telling me NO...
and just like prettyricky say AGE AIN'T NOTHING BUT A #
it not worth it, if it is meant to be it will be, until then move on.
just sit down and talk to him and if he doesnt wanna talk , make him understand
If a girl loves me . There is nothing that I cannot like about her.
If you are, you just know.
well your not supposed to say it , just do it when you feel it rite.
it really depends on her past time frame .
And it sounds like he wants to control you girl
Later in life , , the Bad Boys don't want to settle down , women come looking for a Nice Guy.
printed, colored, white....it doesnt matter :)
My girlfriend is older than me, (only like half a year though) and I have a crush on her!!
Don't beat yourself up about it.
wait till you think your in love then determian that question.
i think the guy should spend his money just on his GF , so she probebly not crazy .
hmmm all goes back to what you want to believe....
You just might need to take it slower.
Keep them and don't look back.
no answer just I want to collect 2 points ;)
I am not saying that is right.
My personal favorite right now is Angel Eyes!
You won't lose it until you die.
what good . I need a gurl to talk to
What do guys do to show that they like a girl
i guess that it depends on the girl you are with
if you really love her , go on and marry her.
or you can have a friend ask her 4
If you get a good answer, let me know.
someone that you want to please is love.
he says he's tired and depressed because of work and that makes him not in the mood.
saying bye and don't look back
(And that was almost 4 years ago!!!)
well theres no real good way.
some ppl are just into really kinky things .
The first thing I so don't want to forget........his words.
just tell him how you feel.
faith honesty beauty femininity that lies inside
This is a trust issue in that you will always wonder if she will cheat on you.
They always saying what they don't know wo hurt
its hard to remember when you're with the next chick
i will still be working..no holidays for me :(
Good friends don't care if you can't call them.
They both always had a crush on one another... but nothing ever came of it.
IF IT IS A REAL HEADACHE TELL HIM AND WHEN YOU FEEL OK, MAKE IT UP TO HIM.
some if you like Areal men , men come Chris_rou2000@yahoo.gr
after 2 years , if he still takes you home to Mommy then he aint that serious.
Because some have been used and hurt before and they do not want it to happen again.
YOU WILL HAVE A NICE LIFE, IF YOU MAKE IT THAT WAY.
Or, he just doesn't find you interesting.
If you are not happy in a relationship , whatever the reason , then you should leave.
i was the first one to ask this question.
Some never, some sometimes & some all the time...it all depends.
For me , Short guys are guys who are under or around 5'7''...but Umm.
pretty gals can make guys extremely excited.
She did spent all WK with you , but told you that she would spend Friday with you
so somebody backing them like you may help them if they really have a desire.
SHAME ON YOU IF YOU DO!
You can't turn it on and off.
This is driving me crazy, what should I do!
But, that doesn't mean that it has to be huge.
Don't do it just to make him happy.
Is he the one you want to be with for the rest of your life?
First of all, you shouldn't do it over the phone.
I'm going to tell you ya
in First I say to you Hi my honey.
If I'm not working and just lifting weights, I bone her every day.
girls in short shorts and no bras , not to sound bad , but that is awesome .
Maybe women are just more vocal, like they are in day-to-day life.
be patient to keep things more distant but let her know nicely you are not going anywhere.
asking this question in December and I'll tell ya.
But know this, men lie it's like second nature.
because I 'm not exactly mister perfect or even decent , but she at least likes me as a friend .
He's such a good person and is very embarrassed about his weight (doesn't bother me, just so the 'thing'works!!!
he don't like going dancing, because there are a lot of people around etc...
He's trying to close this one out!!!!!!
just by going out with another person.
is the thing that is worth running all life after and dying for...
don't give up on us baby.
you gotta get out there and talk to them.
THE ONE WITH THE BIGGER BOOBS.
yes yes and yes.... if ur flexable
I found out that if I talked to guy friends of mine.
Well, if you are the one who wanted to break up, no.
many men aren't this way at all.
If you don't have a hard work afternoon or a date ... so carry on twice and triple
the problem is , if I go home , I know I'm not going to come back to washington.
do let him go or hang on?
men have habits, If he cheated once, he will most likely do it again!
Now that gay and gay marriage has become law.
or the way that wood is SOOOOOOO MUCH EASIER is just ask her if she is interested!
Neither they both smell like curry
How old are the two of you?
and if you do have a girlfriend that is cheating on you... its not very hard to see why.
I agree with ans 1 & 3. Just enjoy while you can.
you can never be too young to enjoy it .
guys tend to be not so emotionally excited as females are.
How old are the two of you?
and if you do have a girlfriend that is cheating on you... its not very hard to see why.
I agree with ans 1 & 3. Just enjoy while you can.
you can never be too young to enjoy it .
guys tend to be not so emotionally excited as females are.
WHAT IF MEN could SCREW WOMEN....WOULD THEY RESORT TO MEN??
she helped out more , Seh was not only concerned with her appearance
If it's okay with her, why not?
I like men tall, dark and sexy.
Maybe you should ask HIM that... (there is not a handbook or manual for relationships)
Just come out and say it.
go literotica.com I send my hubby stories from there.
he will not talk to me on the phone.
well.. I say it directly and quite frequently!
When my sister was nine , she wanted one soo bad.
if he will not listen , then leave.
not all , the past is the past and it should stay in the past...........................
but you are not for sure it could just be in your HEAD.
weve had ups and downs but have always pulled through everything.
11 and a virgin at that??!!
NO NEVER U SHOULD NEVER KILL URSELF B/C OF A BOY , ALTHOUGH IT HURTS
yes, depending on a person's life experience.
No God is VERY , VERY special!
Where's your faith, and your mountain???
but a man is always a man.
He says he allows it because it's gonna help his business in the long run.
2 grammar one, overzealous sexually, refuses to comitt & still sees other guys.
), but I guess it all depends on what specific reasons and if it is against your morals or not.
I say at least 3 times a week----
You don't want it to fester.
!but look into your soul and find the right answer!!!
is he always living in my dreamland?~~
Just curious, because I've heard arguments on both sides
well...first thing I would want to know is if you are a boy or girl?
18-25 - have fun, carpe diem.
i had them sign the setlist.
are you a database designer ?
it depends how they were in bed .
tell him to stop jealous or your life will be like hell .
Easy...go to a place filled with hippies
should I stop being her friend?
just try spending more time with your family.
Get busy without him and watch him come running!
do spend your time with a man that doesnt appreciate you!
u should be mad but don't overdo it.
there is a girl for you.
to young...wait 2 more years at least :-)
If I only had one head I would cry.
Can anyone tell me how to flirt?
If these don't work, give it up, There's some other problem
I only like germs from people I know.
as soon as you see his eyes start to wonder if it is already too late.
LOOK , JUST TALK TO OTHER BOYS AND HE wo GET MAD DOUG!!!!!!!!!!
yep That would be the first way to finish out.
it is just a number as long as u r healthy and happy.
BUT do LAY IT ON TOO THICK CAUSE SHE'LL THINK YOUR COCKY!
keep tortia in your pocket .
probably not for most people , though
(my bad) and he's doimincan with gorgeous light eyes.
take a coin, relate one side of it to the previous one , the other side to the current.
Time will tell... she may never appear .
why not go ahead , but he might not think of it , so you should go ahead and locate him
The biggest The law was when my ex lied about being pregnant so she could get money out of me.
rolling naked in honey, then get into a cage w/ a starved African honey badger.
Did you ever just love an animal like a cat or dog?
No worries though, there are so many men out there who would never do that.
If you love him and give him the best sex in the world!
Well , if you ain't in love with them , then they just ain't the right person.
he will get annoyed and you then can tell him to go away.
I know it's crazy 4 wives in 20 years.
!DONT EVER SAY YOU ca MEET YOUR SOUlMATE ONlINE!
IT DEPEND ON your OUTLOOK.
BROTHERS ARE LIKE those who MADE TO GIT their BIG SISDERS men , JUST LIKE MY LITTLE BROTHER
I have the same problem...Why did they bother to ask us for then????
Catch AIDS, and you've got it until it gets you!
we are not together at this time
110% - I have experienced this first hand ;) By the way... Great answer Pregunton!
Love is meant with sincerity and compassion and hate is with science and lies .
UNLESS DEATH WAS NOT NATURAL AND UNDER INVESTIGATION
trust me . There are nice guys, I'm one of them.
if he likes sports, then a jersey with his favorite team on it...
Now if they butt ugly, please do ask.
The lack of..... from one side or another..
Yeh 'm not sure what kind of person you're talking to, but you see that as gross?
they all working on the farms girl lol.
AS I CAN SEE YOU are DOING well WITH HIM , SO GIVE ME SOME TIPS!
tall, rather muscular but not Arnold huge!
no one likes to be hurt.
or did he go out of his way to see if I needed something like I did for him.
Mosty she leaves space for me next to her so that I can sit there but we dont talk.
When you're a teen-ager maybe, but not after you are in your 20's.
but we want to feel wanted to
No guys ever say that to a girl, so she now thinks your different which is good.
Depends on what are you compare too.
trust your instincts . They are usually right.
HA HA ... 've heard that joke before
i THINK YOU STRONG AND WISE towards THAT decision
Do you think that I have a chance with him??
You CAN'T STOP SMILING, THE PHONE RINGS AND YOU JUMP TO ANSWER , HOPING IT'S THEM.
Some like tall , some like short and some like both... so just behappy with who you are.
get with a close friend Duh!
Hope you will find your love soon :)
well Most women do not need a man.
Second, I know its hard (cause I'm single too) be PATIENT!!!
did you saw the movie Trois
I love a fuzzy chest but please no fuzzy a$$ or backs.Eeww!!
Try by asking her if she's trying to tell you something about this.
Most do not, but some do.
Enjoy the fantasy if you want, but forget to make it a reality.
The Two years will not matter unless you are really young .
no matter which way we answer... we can't win.... CAN WE ?
that person could really like you
anything, man, that you know she is into!
Lust at first sight...love at first conversation.
'm 25 and there is no way I could ever be a mooch like that!
So is possible, hell ya.
How old are YOU in the first place?
well , try to tell them reply me if you can marvinndlovu@yahoo.com
but most of all, don't try to be someone you are not.
She knows how to make men suffer !
Yes cheating is bad and people get hurt , but it is not your place to tell.
S&M = Sadism & Masochism Definitions: Sadism (sayd'-iz-em) (1.
Your friend really cares about the guy.
there is a website called theclitoris.com.
stroke you up (i forgot the artist)
If it where someone unrelated and whom you didn't care about , you probably would'nt even have raised an eyebrow.
you'd be surprised that sex might not be the only thing that you're having problems with.
Smile and let your eyes smile too , then tell him or her that she is different for you ...
when he's constanly eyeing you and smiling.
TOO MANY PEOPLE USE THAT EXCUSE.
WE HAVE BEEN DATING 3 1/2 YRS.
OK, First YOU GOTTA GET SOME GAME...YOU KNOW what IT IS, SWEET TALK OR LIKE AN ADVERTISEMENT for YOURSELF.
SHE CAN BE A B--CH FOR NO REASON.
she was lucky I didnt press charges.
Would want your boyfriend 2 hang wit sum chick that likes him?
i think grandfathers are always right in these matters .
sure, I have lady friends that hang out with me.
It Much easier than it is to switch back, I'd imagine!
all in the family , aren't you, Maybe you should see what her grandmother has to offer you
i think it will change things for the worse!
First of all your already asking the wrong question.
MIGHT AS WELL SAY HE LIVES WITH ME.
There is a rule that says if you really like a girl she likes you , good luck
the worst that could happen.
crush in an instant desire , but in love you are ready to sacrifice everything you have.
you can't help him unless you help him.
if you want it go ahead but put your own rules on it.
It Kind of like trying to take a shower with your clothes on.
That is a beautiful woman, Something about her look does something to me!
TELL HIM TO LEAVE YOU ALONE, AND TO GO CLUCK HIMSELF.
Should I stay or should I go?
I wouldn't wait for him, I would dump him and move on.
loving each other for who they really are, inside and out, caring so bad it hurts.
first , you have to think about the consiquinces.
Um, I dunno, maybe he likes her PERSONALITY?!?
Once I broke up, it was like a huge weight was lifted off my shoulders.
they are married or have boyfriends.
I hope this gives you a good start.
YOU DON'T STOP BEING THEIR PARENT JUST BECAUSE YOU DON'T AGREE WITH THEIR DECISIONS.
If he says he's really busy .....He's just not that into you...... Have dignety and move on!
heck ya its possible, want some help?
if you had any sense , you would find yourself a nice thirty - year old guy.
because a lot of men are a$$es and we feel we're better off alone.
I'm a guy and it kind of gives me the creeps.
Just take it one day at a time, and see what happens...
he said he was just thinking of something.
Go get a job, and a car!
thats the way it is and will always be, do know why.
I I I miss my family so much . Most Importantly , I miss my Lil sis.
do you have food to eat?
and then again do be too high !!!
call your lover..your little ginger snap.
But I don't remend being friends W/ benefits.
The problem is that I always end up looking for the wrong girl.
there isn't a day that I wake up without you being on my mind.
Anyway She sounds like she meant a lot.
But, if you're like 30, most people will consider that weird.
think of this, take him to a restaurant .
see if he talks or follows you a lot.
to try to get someone to like yourself.
i get you Bro 'm tired of that shit happening
but I do see the point either!
and how the old man can barely walk but still opens the car door for his wife!?
different people determain this in different ways.
always willing to try new things, cheez_it_lord
put it this way , it does feel pretty.
How do you know that you are in love with someone,
2-choose the right time { for a female } 3- words are very useful .
do not ask a guy if he likes you.
men wanna hump every day..unless they are cheating or gay.
If he doesn't like you , you know and you can move on.
she is not your girlfriend anymore.
Your wife has doubts, that given already.
Why would you want to stop missing your boyfriend?
because I do want my plans to get ruined!
I have to tell ya, Demonholloween, you have a tough problem.
IF I ONLY PICK JUST ONE!
Your wife has doubts, that given already.
Why would you want to stop missing your boyfriend?
because I do want my plans to get ruined!
I have to tell ya, Demonholloween, you have a tough problem.
IF I ONLY PICK JUST ONE!
BTW -- you guys are my 8-ball right now.
If you are a christain, then it is a sin.
The Next one you get, don't tell every little detail of your life
Yes , you and your husband should move to Texas and become an engineer .
He will probably be embarassed, but he should get over it if he's a nice guy!
a people 's past , not a people 's future.the fact that she told you shows she is being honest.
Lol I think it is retarded to having gay marriages.
Then, think about this... --I have food to eat.
And no, it wouldn't kill him - men are supposed to be tough.
i would just tell the guys that are freaking you out to back off.thats what I do.
boy you are in love , just go with your heart and make sure that you do get it broke
i do remember the first only the last min.
get the book, you won't regret it!!!
Maybe You are a good person and you just do get it.
Usually right after you've booted Kitty Puss Puss across the room when you thought she wasn't looking!
If she was worth it then, she's worth it now!
when he is comfortable, ask him if he's been seeing anyone else?
Same answer for a gift for mom: 1.
you wo have to ask this question .
your not fat sweetheart your sexy!
SHE'LL feel MORE SECURE ABOUT BEING WITH YOU AND YOU wo EXPERIENCE THAT UNPLEASANT SCENE ANYMORE!
ALL YOU CAN REALLY DO IS LEED BY EXAMPLE, BE HIS POSITIVE FRIEND, AND PRAY.
it is a dumb way to mess up yours and your friends ' lives forever.
What did get yourself into?
if he drinks every day than too much.
Okay here is my little input.
I WOULD CALL THE POLICE, JUST TO PROTECT THE CHILD.
17. I was a skinny dork in school and looked like a boy...no hips, butt, boobs, it was awful.
i've found that it usually means that they are inexperienced.
he probably do if you are attractive and have a good personality
if I should leave , what would be my first step to become independence from him?
What if one day they did that s*** to you!!
I don't like too many muscles.
The smell will turn her so bad she would not care about seeing you ever again.
They don't think with the right head!!!!
Why can't I get over this one person?
My daughter is going out with a boy.
its fun and it helps you move on.
And when his marriage ends , so he will be nice to you only waiting for you cuz HE'S MARRIED!!
its the same in both cases , but there are some dudes who prefer big women
you can never be a better person . You can only try to become a better person.
Well , I thought I was in love at 16, then again at 17.
but earrings would be too bad a choice as long as they do not have gems.
If you hit her..even better, just dont knock her out.
But some guys are just so good at cheating that you ca tell.
you saying it for as long as you actually love her.
3 weeks I told her that I was falling for her.
get your devorse because you don't love your husband any more.
Most certainly...the hardest part is keeping things going a long distance...
IT'S UNDESCRIBABLE BUT YOU WILL KNOW WHEN THE TIME COMES.
How can you tell if he is the love of your life?
did you make actual plans or did you just ask him to come over.
it's the thought that counts, really, it is.
like I said they are all jerks and assholes
if someone abuses you in any way.
no - it won't matter anyway ;-) if it is what you both want , then go for it.
i am a Christian so I want a Christian response
Well I found out they had seeing each other for almost a year.
been going out for 5 years...
by pretending to be a resposible / busy / gentle man.
i reckon if you do, you do
i give you some addresses where you can meet gays without paying.
that should tell you she is honest and adventurous .
Woah, that was an easy question :)
I'm 17 and still haven't had a date yet :(
When you both are in the mood for some lovin'
It's only wrong if you say April FOOL afterwards.
If you don't see each other!
I BETTER ANSWER THE LAST QUESTIONS!
but to meet this fat girl that would die for you .
All I want is to make out and tell them to ask me out!!!!!!!!
Let me say this as calmly as I can.....ABSOLUTELY!!!!
DO NOT EVER EVEN THINK ABOUT getting physically abusive just because you are angry.
lol try it... or do something huge!!!
i reading this book called Mama Gena's Guide...it is your answer!!!
guys are a lot more likely to cheat on women, than women cheating on men.. But women do it too
Good luck . ask your lawyer !
i mean , seriously , would you get mad if your bf/gf went to the movies with his/her friends.
I guess it depends why its broken...some things you just do get over easily.
Even if you just had your first child?
Me 7&da other guy was in luv also cuz he was my 1st and my 1st luv!
serve me is the idea I see.
If you only see him once,hes NOT your boyfriend.Therefore he aint cheating.Dont waste your time.
Guys/ Girls love to talk also.
and He has to put me before video games.
I am going after my partner , not the person they were with.
Did he ask you to marry him?
And yes , it works the other way around.
too much detail than asked for.
be balanced ,control your heart with your mind , then you are in the process of becoming a better person .
Sleep in my bed and see what happens :-)
do you want to spend the rest of your life with me?
a good friend that will listen will help you more than you can imagine .
cook and clean for him :)
Well, first I am going to put this out there.
you might meet this beautiful woman and she could be the biggest b@tch there is.
it's easy for me , but for her it's too big a deal
you have to be strong and move on!
I didn't even get married during Christmas season.
But Merry Christmas you too!
the morning after a nightlong beer drinking taste testing contest
if so , why and if not why?
But easy may not be a good thing!
Nope and nope and definitely nope.
jus showin up , it would be a surprise for her and she would be very happy.
you would not always want to do it right.
I hope you find good news....
Know your own mind first & then consider what actions you want to take...my best advice... Good luck!
You'll know it, no doubt about it!
Well, it's like you want to buy cars, You would like the best shape and models.
Is it illegal if you were under 18?
i'm breathing now ... so I'll never stop saying I love you till my breath stops
DO YOU REALLY WANT HER BACK?
kissing him at night and whisper I love you..
A woman who orgasms will want to have sex with more than one that does
because laws go from state to state.
i wouldn't try to talk to her.
If you can just date one of them.
Then decide if it is actually worth your time to date her.
SO GOOD BLESSINGS WITH U & ALL-
if that's the only reason that you are talking up with her than you are SO SHALLOW!
If he's that affectionate , I doubt he'd mind.
time will show and actions will prove!
One: Why did you get married to him anyways?
A lady in the st., but a freak in bed
if you do it wo be as good... for any of you.
plus relationships now sometimes end up in divorce , so why waste your time.
Sorry I DON'T WANT TO SAY THE NAME OF THAT GUY COZ IT IS NOT THAAT NECESSARY!!!!!
Who matters more, Mom or Her?
;) Or did you mean, on average, how long does a girl wait until she kisses a guy?
but if you were really stupid, you might have to do more stuff, depends what you did!
because I love somebody I do even know at all
And, I tried to make her see/feel/know how much I love her.
one last advice: you have to want it as much as your partner. Does
all you can see is their faces & their voice sends cills down your back .
think of where her favorite places are- public or private?
its girth , not the length that matters anyway.
if after 4 years , he's still wishy washy, he'll never really be yours %100.
maybe women aren't your thing.... :) ;)
first, wait for your sack to drop.
because guys are really weird and they like looking at girls ' boobs ad buts.
There are people who think they're too fat, too skinny, too ugly, too dorky, too... whatever.
if you sacrifice too much of yourself , then you wo be yourself anymore.
If you even have to ask, he's not the one!
If I COULD REARRAGE THE ALPHABET , I would PUT U, AND I TOGETHER.
He seems like a wise dude.
Why do you go a bit slower.
LET THIS CHILD BE A CHILD.
Start by just talking say you know?
if your man goes to work and comes home to give you attention, why cheat?
I think it means she doesn't like kids who spell it luv.
depends on what type of violence.
All I can say is tell him how you fill them and you mite be 2gether after that
they are quiet because they like the girls
You a relationship with this guy.
Just have to show that you want it.
No Las Vegas style weddings, either.
!UR LOSER IF you do DO SOMETHING POSITIVE
But, I learn and I have fun.
Whatever you decide, buy it with your heart to let her know you care about her.
i'll call you when I wake up, I promise.
i still think you get a better reaction in person!
stranger of the night I'll always love .
See how things go after that.
me I will keep talking to him and calling his phone when she is around.
Hope Yahoo puts some link through which I can thank you all without using a different id !
to me it sends the wrong signal.
Have you ever known a guy who didn't cheat?
Love... ...is friendship that has caught on fire.
I love her and I want all of my girlfriend,ssss my life.
If the answers are not to all the questions , then I run!
you need to get a new man.
I want to bless (i.e., cause good) my kids.
IT'S WHEN YOU FEEL BUTTERFLIES IN YOUR STOMACH AND FEEL LIKE you are FLYING IN MIDAIR.
Never ask any questions - Always tell or do
i thinking from 19-25 by then you are fully mature.
Hey, <name of girl>, would you like to <do X thing> <Y night>?
she wo be much else for you..
good answer....not so much from the heart.......but a good answer from the books of knowledge.
No but I went to school there.
well..why is she mad at you?
I breaking up with my boyfriend so I am single !!
Even if she came back , would you honestly be able to trust her?
Girls always wait for the guys to call.Bc they do want to seem clingy.
Maybe I just liked my BF too much.
I always had a blast just playing games and laughing.
But I am over girls !!
does he touches you a lot , make comments on how you look...
well if they have good personallity, is a good Christian, loves to laugh.
I really think it depends on you two..
having a girlfriend is not that big of a deal . You are still young and have lots of time.
ive found someone but it took a lot of patience and time.
There might be some but where they are I do not know.
He will eventually get the hint that she likes him and break up with her since he does like her!
and y shud you break up if he really likes you ???
Friends and a husband who clain to love you wouldnt do that!
the previous night , she asked about moving in with me.
be the bigger woman in this.
Just continue to be her friend . tell her later that you care about her.
There is someone so much better for you out there who will never dream of doing something wrong like this!
(He didn't do that, did he?)
and The rejection hotline is always good too lol
ii think the age is 16 .
when you are in love . You just know , but the most common thing are the buterflies in the stomache
I waited for him to make the move (which was excruciating) but now we are married with two children!
OK let me answer you straight to the point!
ask to borrowing his credit cards.
you can say if there was no trust, these would not have existed.
Hope You are the one with tons of experience.
What makes you so worried that he will cheat?
How about a nice card that says something like This coupon entitles you to two massages or something...
just consider if you think that it's worth it.
no, cuz I love going down on him and he says it is better than his mom 's cooking
Start having fun with them and making friends.
def not a sign of appreciation.is that why you do? it It Is it
see if homeschooling works for him.
Obviously you need him to love you!
Not that we ever finish the movie anyway.
If you put as much thought into that , you would probably make all A's
if he is not cooroperting try social services.
Well . you know what they say right . Treat them rough . You get the muff
Was any written up when you get married?
Are you really really sure you want him back?
do what I did: pack his shit in a box,sit it by his car.
It depends on your mom... Are you close to her?
date a leftover, lose a friend.
Not sure what new boyfriends are going for nowadays , but I wouldnt pay too much for one =o)
But all in all, it could be a great start to great things!
these are not people who care about you or your child.
If I had to pick one , though it would be...loveless sex.
Ok bro, first of all , you should never read body language to see if she is ready for sex.
It Guys , It is like a rubber band.
I guess that makes them horney!
boys looking for better sex.... girls looking for a lot more than just sex....
also, does he confide in you as much as he always does, if he does that sort of thing?
be a man and just ask.
i'm interested in a nice guy with some sort of decency!!!!
what you are just dying to do right now mmmmmm and as that fire!!
start by telling him that he would be home.
This might not work if he was determined to do drugs.
I to marry him because he is so good looking.
PROBABLY HATES YOU, BUT IN SOME CASES THEY LIKE YOU
If they flip you off , take it as a NO, and go away
I wait until I get married...one of the smartest things I've ever done in my life!
So you start to think about being with her in that mmmmmm way you know?
But hey , try not to worry so much, a relationship is supposed to be fun....mostly.
DO NOT BE THE ONLY GUY.
(she so needs to know this!)
its cheap and it wo mean anything to her.
If you have to ask, you aren't.
do you two have many problems?
and willing to take responsibility for him for the next 10 years if it doesn't work out.
Little things like friends ' boyfriends ex....blah..blah...blah doesn't really matter.
someone to love, and love them back.
you by programming yourself to certain levels . It just happens!
What does he say when you ask him about it?
You would be very busy and taken care of !!!
and If you do see that , then I suggest you find a new mirror.
If that doesnt disturb your daily routine or schedule, its no way BAD.
if It was that easy.
no girl deserves to be cheated on and then lied to on top of it.
here an easy one . ASK HIM!!
leave your husband, and dump your friend, that sad
I don't about the dumbest but definitely the worst.
yup...go search your name..i found there to be several pages...:)
before they pulled the plug 2 months ago
That or be sick for the day.
And there are loads of chatrooms on the web, Just be so very careful!
but Once they start , they ca stop.
I'm sure you'll be fine :)
Tell him , you love surprises so much you can have'em every
I don't remember who it was from???
SO do lose FAITH GOOD THINGS COME TO THOSE WHO WAIT , JUST to BE PATIENT HE WILL COME.
buy a green hat chicks dig green hats
If he doesn't like her, why is he with her?
I can't say this stuff again b/c I enjoy spending time w/her.
if you love him enough and if you believe he is worthy of your love , then stay!
Just give it all you've got.
Some guys find the same gender attractive o.O
yes , because she is probably about to dump you because you never tell her what you think of her
Is Is Is Is Is Is Is just because your partner didnt feel like telling you?
is usually a friend of a friend , a friend is friends with your ex.
and last but not least: be patient with yourself, but don't let it get worse
it's strictly for fun and I expect no serious involvement.
Ugh, that's tough to hear guys say that.
If they are crazy , crazy don't go.
Well, I guess you could try to find a skank and just f**k.
could She be scared that I want a serious relationship and she can't handle one, Should I move on?
what men don't understand is women (most women) want to be treated like ladies
Tell me what you make of this .
Well , most guys I know don't really have any feelings.
she say I do love you again and she wo tell you the reason.......
U should probably just show up.
do him a favor , not sex if you do want , but just get him happy
short I do see why not .
guys broutht up to think if you feel you 're not a man.
That way , you will surely get over it.
THE RIGHT AGE WILL BE IF ANY GIRL ASKS YOU FOR THAT...
they want control and the only way they can get it is through you
Look at you waiting for him!
There there There are many , many gods (supposedly).
It might work, but probably not if you get married.
THE RIGHT AGE WILL BE IF ANY GIRL ASKS YOU FOR THAT...
they want control and the only way they can get it is through you
Look at you waiting for him!
There there There are many , many gods (supposedly).
It might work, but probably not if you get married.
Either you are gay or you're not.
However, that guy you were with is a real jerk!
girl You should go and see a doctor...
now-a-day's it's mostly the looks that we want.
I am a very happy person-whats that tell ya.
REMEMBER that EVERYBODY HAS SOMEBODY until THEY FIND SOMEBODY BETTER!!!!!!
Any way , I have only had sex with a girl twice , so I hope you do care about that.
You CAN be sexy - try it!
Name a star after the two of you at International Star....hmmmm..I could go on and on.....so sweet!
Yes I do it/cz then I enjoy it more .
I for one , do not do that!!
Girls like to flirt, though, I'll give you that.
but trust me, do never go back to him.
like many have said to talk w/ your girl.
Show her . You realize you were a bonehead idiot.
i do think you really know.
i am now 8 mos pregnant.
Let me guess your either in High School or Junior High.
try Adamandeve.com They have rubber coated vibrating ones.
This is the SamE's fiancee speaking: easily tell him you're not going to have sex until you're married...and then you don't.
!...THERE ARE GOOD MEN..WE JUST HAVE TO WEED THEM OUT...
Now, if he didn't hide it, I wouldn't be as angry.
you don't need a girlfriend to be happy.....
you do need god love, learn to love yourself and all else will follow
on the other hand , you can also see some women who are cheating on men .
That's one of the best ways to pick up a woman I ever used.
PS - talk to Judith FINEBLIT, jewelryexpert.com (603 624-8672) She's awesome and I trust her.
in the morning...right after you wake up.
them giving in can just make things worse.
lot of people love the internet . . Yes even for me , it is not so bad .
i just want a marriage license... 'm not trying to have a big wedding.
really.... Say bye and keep pets....
That is what my best bud did at a Chris Ledoux concert
but Maybe I 'm wrong . Has he told anyone you were together?
I found a couple here...I hope this helps.
Only if you like beautiful beaches and nice weather.
IT WILL BE YOUR LAST KISS.
just thinking of the song when this question came up.
:) That's a good one though.
do be an assaholic and say stuff like ha your stupid
just keep thinking about how nasty the other girls mouth is.
I had a boyfriend couple 3yrs ago.
hey I know you will find someone , but you have to love yourself first.
Maybe you don't get out enough.
:) Give him a massage and then a hot bath, gently washing his hair and toweling him off afterward.
find a way to join things where she goes.
because they used to masturbate at a young-age
If there's grass on the field, PLAY BALL!!
She will think you hung the Moon!
But Do you really want a career back??
it even has the part in the book that talks about your issue.
Don't act like a slug...get active...get into it!
If your boyfriend is getting tons of sexy text from some male name, That might be a girl.
Knight Rider doesn't look so bad now does it.
But A lot of guys don't see it that way.
Its not in the penis...its if you know how to use it!
try it chat or somewhere else.
I was just wondering because a lot of my friends do that..
BUY HER $10 ROSES AND HER OCCASIONAL WINE, AND GIVE HER A LOT OF LOVE.
Don't just say it to say it.
just ask her how to please her.
And believe me, you would LOVE it !
you did not mention your relationship with her.
I guess by spelling Horny properly ?
Girls never love a guy,,they love his pant,,shirt,,money,,fame,,bike,,house,,any damn thing but never HE HE AND ONLY HE,,OK????
Yes she can get pregnant because it's not very safe.
I am so sorry about this Question !!
you had better get down there and explore and go where only real men go....and then you'll know.
That would depend on whether he loved you before he or she went to jail.
If this is what you really want and he loves you , then he should be willing to wait too.
Wow, I feel sorry for you!
So don't worry about embarassing yourself yourself
You could see that from where you at though.
crawl up a chickens a** and wait
for months , I wont think about it, Then I see her in the store . I just break down.
So when I am with girls , I do care.
You'd think a man that age would have finally grown up, but I guess not.
If you are afraid of him yelling April Fool!
you need to tell him you want to try it again and quit pretending to just be friends!
but when it comes to cheating... never.
just looking for gay men.
Talk to her, see what she likes, what she is into.
I mean, where are they with their bfs or were they single?
Or, actually , is it weird nowadays to think about sex all the time?
(i would've cheated on you anyway)
I know it seems too casual -- but the relationship is so new!
do get something for the girl.
If he wants to stay with her, let him!
don't go to bars or clubs.
(If you look good and he is still preforming sexually with you, who cares?)
listening to the Blink 182 song , Stay together for the kids.
the best decision I ever came up with was to let him be.
you can write in Spanish too
That depends: my first time around
i try to get her to realise that I 'm not interested.
teenagers can have sex from the age of 18
( Sorry for my English, I can speak very well )
U think a girlfriend can make you happy?
Wait until you are at least 22!
if you have a boyfriend and he cheats and you would'nt cheat on him
my My ex girlfriend says I love my boyfriend .
you have to ask to go to the bathroom and you have a lot of restrictions.
you have not lost anything in the ex or the friend/fam member.
think of which one you would want to be with forever.
And A lot of men have become used to getting over on women.
he may be just playing a game.
ur gonna loose ur friend, maybe a tooth or two .
with YOUR MOTHER OR FATHER= ANYTIME.
OTHERS U COULD TELL CUZ THEY ACT differently
Can anybody help me figure out what I 'm supposed to do to marry my girlfriend?
stay with the one you love and have sex with the other one
i feel really guilty about it.
I don't think it matters if you act like it.
well How do you know her?
snookie here and thanks I do that.. and I see you looking for a man , huh/?
back to me again . I am 21 and have never had a serious relationship with a chick.
I love fat girls.. and there are a lot out there who prefer a curvy woman over a thin girl.
Is your girl an ax murderer?
Well If you love him and are over 16/17 then yes...
And girls that are still virgins (speaking from experience btw) are a lot more comfortable with guys that are too.
Put favorite tunes on the radio or play favorite CD's.
I would not tell even with the gurantee - you or him!
What if we want to be left alone?
HOME PLATE IF YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT BASEBALL.
if STERLING & REAL LOVE , then Commune
'WHY IS THIS GROWN MAN HANGING AROUND CHILDREN?'
there is no way you can unless he tells you!!!!!!!!!!
Oh and one more thing once and drug addict always and addict.
u have 2 choose good luck .
puhlease... borrow sugar once but after that she's on to you.
You should be friends with yourself first.
i really like him but do know how he feels.
If you ca get enough...you love her.
You are just saying Merry Christmas.
I CAN DEFINITELY TELL YOU HE'LL CALL THE NEXT DAY.
NAKED FOR SURE,WE LOVE LINGERIE ALSO, BECAUSE WE KNOW WHATS UNDER IT.HAY!!
He won't admit he cheated because he still cares.
If you hit it off with someone right away
I don't know if I'm in love or if it's just lust.
Chances are they've done all the things that you are doing now.
counting your blessings on girls if you have a crazy guy that is focused on you
If after two years go by, and he still hasn't asked you out, then he wasn't flirting
Yes, and no...it depends on the man, just like out in the real world.
not if you don't know what to do with it.
Most of them have hormonal problems, some were abused and others just do like it.
is wrong to see your roommate through the window while she dresses, plays with herself.
Wait until you have a wedding ring on your finger!
change your address and leave him alone.
talk about what you both like and be her friend.
there are lots of nice guys out there.
just go with what you've pictured in your mind, I'm sure she'll love it!
If you were so pissed then why didn't you say anything?
Either she does or she doesn't.
maybe they aren't getting what they want
Lingerie just comes off quickly anyway!
Just do what your deepest soul says.Good luck .
Not until your 21 if you ask me (but I'm old fashioned like that).
But I guess it really depends on the person.
How can I get over this ASAP?
1:he should love me 2:he should love me more than yesterday . 3:he should love me less than tomorrow
You go girl, you freak cheater, break a man's heart, just do it with a nice fellow like me!!!
it doesnt work and will only end up hurting you!
Im just wondering if that is normal?
I feel like a total fool.
Might as well just get her a ring!
Not All men are SO sex crazy.
get dolled up and watching that suckers ' tongue hang out.
trying to hang out with your friends so you do have that much time to feelllike crap -Steve
There Only a lot of people like sex.
ask my mom when she comes home if I can see you.
If you just jump into telling her you love her , you might chase her away.
Okay... you just have to know that not everyone is out to get you.
So here's your holiday . Hope you enjoy it this time.
be as your nature is , smile and speak with your eyes
Second, that depends on what type of person your mom is.
Damn, I thought I was the only one...
and to make yourself feel better, eat chocolate or cheese(trust me it works!)
the waiting to tell if you feel like they are hiding something
well...you can always try a dating site.
You either trust her or you don't.
at the age of 18 and when you get married!
I used to hang all over my girl friend.
My boyfriend told me to beat him up
Face it girlfriend...men only do this when they are dating us.
My husband had been cheating on me since we had a baby.
sure we have all thought of it.
And this is just brutal honest.
patience My friend is the secret..
do just staying home doing nothing cuz then you'll really be depressed.
I haven't had that problem with that god!!
Women can get laid anytime, just hit a local biker bar!!
And I don't swear like you!
If you show him that you trust him (don't over do it), chances are he won't cheat on you.
it depends on which of your's you show me
If I am mad , I will not put out or have sex.
like, When he calls, say, I am so busy!
She wanted 'our' day to be 'OUR' day.
What I think is that age does not matter . If God says that it is OK.
Tell him you wo tolerate his lies.......
it depends on how long you have been with her , but I think love
Don't know Do you come on strong?
R E S P E C T just like the song says ,
Sometimes it can scare the guy off, if he is committment phobic...
Then , If you do , you'll live a miserable life!
Then you find yourself in a REAL quandary!
is when you think about person more than you do yourself
Why not a proposal to go then too?
well most of the time, this kind of action means that he does not want the relationship again.
Guys want to have sex much more than girls.
You got three options . 1) tell him you need to see him more !
First of all, why haven't you talked to your mom in nine years
but if u do answer below :D thanks!
in fact , a lot of men cheat on women , but not all of them.
guys always leave certain tales when they are cheating.
Would you honestly not care about seeing another girl with your man?
that's the only surefire way, and with some guys, even THAT isn't enough!
How comfortable am with this guy?
do care what it will be , the result is just believe in yourself and follow your heart!
18 SO THAT IF YOUR PARENTS FIND OUT, YOU'LL BE OLD ENOUGH TO MOVE OUT OF THEIR HOUSE.........
Trust me, I was 20 and I screwed crap up.
because it is a hard thing to explain and show those things . That is why kids just learn evantually
No - men are useless at remembering dates.
Something you do or don't do, he doesn't like.
Women like that makes lots of other women look bad.
God hates divorce hanging in there....
embaress yourself in front of a WHOLE bunch of people
If they go first.....it's pretty much over.
games- it's fun or easier, and they like wining.
Don't tell him you love him, and try going out with him for a while.
If you get one easily . Is she really worth it?
Obviously this guy 's wife is not.
Of course , I would be mad.
Ever think about what'll happen after boot camp?
You can't force people to like you if they just don't.
A PERSON HAS TO WANT TO CHANGE!
Talks about himself...about how he needs to improve his looks...etc...
See if there is something (or several things that is sexy and that YOU KNOW SHE LIKES.
but if he does knows how to use it , then it should be big.
I don't know but if you find out , please let me know LOL
i'll do everything I can to see you tomorrow.
Just flirt...bat your beautiful eyes, look and act inacennt, and look adorable!!!!!!!!!!
all men react differently , but you just know if he is trying to pull the wool over your eyes.
as women get older, and even if they have kids, are not willing to fool around.
i left and it was the best move I ever made, while pregnant.
if he says yes , then ask him why he does it to you!?
If you are a guy, you need to find the hottest girls who are having the most fun.
So, try to hang out with him when she's not around, but don't make a move.
either you are gay or you are straight - and you can be both (bi).
Marry the one with the big b**bs.
i think it is wrong to say that to someone if you do mean it.
i like the names Sia and Manav
1.MONEY 2.HUSBAND 3.and a child And finally bla bla
SO GIVE HIM A PAIR OF GLASSES , THEN HE WILL SEE THE BIG PICTURE.
if he 's for real , he'll ask you to marry him =)
If it's true , you love him, then love him!
just turning up after 9 years without contact may freak her out.
any way , I suggest you to work on your personality so that you can enjoy life with ease.
I just saw your avatar.. now... here's mine!!
looks, personality, inteligence, sense of humor
asian women are known for that , huh?
tell him that you love him
If your doing it right , you know
It's probably just boys being boys.
If you got anymore questions hit me up at eidal3@yahoo.com
looking on the first try at getting your self-esteem up to do things you would never do.
SOME PEOPLE YOU CAN'T TELL CUZ THEY CAN HIDE IT VERY well .
I found out later, and much too late, that she had never read a book in her life!
you have to smell good too, but do over due it , then it will smell bad.
There are different kinds of love mum -> son love.
You are not still a Slut....you're an ex-slut.
do worry about getting over, it worry about getting on with things.
sorry GIRLS it isn't our FAULT !
Hope this has been helpful ;)
No, seriously, guys aren't like women at all, so it's not complicated.
that is the best thing you have to do!!
leaving the place , or better , the country !
he will not look at you in the eyes.
chloroform and zipties.. late night mall parking garages..
If he's not interested he's not.
and you must start it, because you admitted that it was your fault.
I dunno... tap his leg twice, or something.
after you have defined what a psycho really means to you.
maybe he had already got it from someone else and that was why he was not in the mood?
Most of all, don't lose yourself in hate and anger.
looking him in the eye and ask him that.
Tell him you are pregnant and I would be willing to bet he would run for the hills!
necklace or a braclet but not a ring.
ABOUT YOUR LOVERS , WHICH YOU ca WITH YOUR LOVER.
of course , it is good for you!
My husband wants me to try new things in bed.
Do what is best for you.
some ppl do that to get attention by getting mad.
i depending on him for everything and ca financially make it with him.
so you should beat around the bush and either be with your guy or do
because they do have girls to fuck. with
i do see anything weird here.
Do what your gut tells you.
break up with your boyfriend and go out with the other guy.
A nice candlelit dinner and then give him a massage following dinner....he'll like that a lot : )
If they are virgins better.
Having their dad around, ignoring you?
If you want her to like you.
they have been friends for 3 years and are both christions.
until the one you love gets pissed at you because of some stupid thing you did
I was an insecure little kid back then.
She married me and now I hardly touch her at all.
Not if you're a man in the cell with him and he says it to you!
Your child may not be gay...he may just be going through a fazing
i think you should rephase that.
(If worse comes to worse, use anything but cologne)
i've got slightly above average looks, and am pretty smart and cool
there was a girl that I was talking to in August.
IF NOT LET ME HELP YOU.NO NO NO AND N TO THE O-HELL NO!R WE CLEAR HERE MY DEAR?
Do what you gotta do to keep what you have!
Great stuff and no you're not alone!
stop being a bitch and ask us on the net to find her.
In love , we do it to express how much we love.
if I do give her any attention . She makes me feel bad by the way she acts.
They will say: I will never do this again.
Most guys will be totally flattered that they are being asked.
Am a female myself . I think she is afraid you won't like her any more.
i was proposed to on New Years eve and it's so romantic!!!
WITHOUT pressure IN A HURRY.JUST MELT AWAY WITH THE PERSON,AND GO FOR IT.
I go off, date women, flirt, screw up here, screw up there.
Ciao Bella, you ara the womana offa mia dreamsa.
Care for her.....pamper her......tinker with her.......polish up the marriage.
i was proposed to on New Years eve and it's so romantic!!!
WITHOUT pressure IN A HURRY.JUST MELT AWAY WITH THE PERSON,AND GO FOR IT.
I go off, date women, flirt, screw up here, screw up there.
Ciao Bella, you ara the womana offa mia dreamsa.
Care for her.....pamper her......tinker with her.......polish up the marriage.
They're just as special as American brunettes
or else you will chase all your loved away with your behavior
The woman who moved in ... she is just the next one to be thrown out.
no phone call, so I take things into my own hands.
just talk 2 Her She'll understand
i have been married for 6 years and have 2 kids.
an unexpected people , mostly amazing and unique .
Samart and pretty , but being naughty does help
I to try a pawn shop
I know emails and other things are private, and people don't want them spammed and stuff...
Why would a girl stop loving a guy who really loves her more than anything???
I KNOW that I'm in love though!
yeah it does, just like girls.
BE SURE,GOD LOVES EVERYONE OF US , INCLUDING YOU.YOU JUST HAVE TO FIND GOD IN YOURSELF.
If you're the type that says, Are you OK?
that will in turn make the girl happy and you win.
If you are married , you can still be friends.
i am in love with *&$%&!!!
What do you mean by that?
tell her not what I do like , but we must manage for each other .
Anyway either way , you will know.
girl, kick him out the door.
Even if she never finds out , I will never be able to do much to make it up.
Problems ca be solved if do have the GOTS!!
you play a little immiture game, like hey, who do you like, lol.
Always always always.....clever wit (which is a true sign of intelligence).
its a character that makes you who you are and also the next person will love you for it!
if she does it every time you have love, she's faking it.
and chances are he likes you if you are cute , sweet,cool and intelligent , which I think you certainly are..
Like some nice jeans and a small, white t-shirt.
people cheating because they need the approval that they wanted and needed!!!
What to Wear , So just what sort of clothes do turn girls on?
WHAT DO I DO AND HOW DO I TELL HIM?
THEY SHOULD BE WHITE - WITH A SUBTLE OPALESENCE THAT CATCHES IN THE SUN.
Last year my brother stole me a winter coat.
Maybe you should ask her that way.
I don't want to see you anymore.)
Im talking about love and relationships wanting that blonde bombshell when the right one might be MS. Average person
- She just may feel the same way!
u definitely shouldn't have done that hoodie thing.
verbal abuse is just as bad.
Then, listen and follow her advice!!
he just does little suttle things he never did
i have tried to get over it.
YOU ALREADY KNOW THE ANSWER , DON'T YOU?
saying yes or no when he asks me.if you ask me , you 'll say yes .
Has not done ANYTHING... anything means anything... so can you be Gay?
Dirt scums looks more macho and are carefree...
just tell her how you feel and if it does works out , move on
When he's away, you wonder if he's cheating.
she could have a lot of things
You just climb on board and holler, YEEHAW!
in the end , your gut is usually right .
no I do , having kids is not easy . Mmm and you must be thanxfulll for that
anyway, Good luck and Merry Christmas!
Is it what they buy you?
It It It does not matter if you should buy the person a gift if your BF or GF
If you don't believe me , take a chance.
!--GUYS do CARE AS LONG AS you HAVE A HEART BEAT , THEY WILL GO FOR IT.
Because they do not love the person that they are cheating on.
because there are other easy women out there
Some of the guys I know mean.
Guys with no guyfriends , a huge turn-off for women (until they start dating you, lol).
Women don't deserve men who treat us like trash.
Walk up to him and say, I like you, Can we be friends?
Yes , there are girls that are not worth dating.
Call him and say it's over.
GET A HAIRCUT OR NEW CLOTHES.
How would you not be able to figure it out?!
AND RELIGION DOESN'T MEAN ANYTHING IN THIS CASE.
when you just say it and wait for the best time to come
THE ANSWER IS B'CUZ YOU FEEL GOOD HAVING THAT PERSON WITH YOU.
if you are a young person that is thinking of having sex, I encourage you to wait!
No matter what anybody says , gays are wrong.
and then she will be like umm...
What in the hell are you doing with a married man???
If she moves in a little, then kiss her.
I to get an education and then worry about that!
No There's nothing wrong with you!
If they are in love with you, great.
But this I know is just the want for sex and nothing else.
OR SEXUAL INTERCOURSE IF YOU'RE AN ADOLESCENT.
being hurt is hard, but you need to move on.
its too bad , women are not more easily aroused.
you shouldn't be with them because you deserve better.
Plus they get the best of both worlds by not admitting to it!
I see you here a lot
u looking in the wrong place.
ALWAYS GO WITH YOUR FIRST FEELING CAUSE IT truly WILL NEVER STEER YOU WRONG.BELIEVE ME BEEN THERE
you and this friend or just yourself , are experincing lust, and lust is not better than love.
with friends like that you don't really need enemies, now do you.
it will make the kid happy, and you double win.
at least not in the wrong anyways
LOVE IS NOT THE QUESTION IN LOVE IS THE QUESTION.
trade her a pack of twinkies if she breaks up with you
o and hes a sensitive guy
but think of what the future holds.
So you asked, what is God's name?
the the It is the PLAYER , the EX- PLAYER 's True game is just what it sounds like.
Try to be tolerant (and TRUST ME I know you probably feel like you have been).
If you like her, then tell her.
start a web site called Young Girls then hire all you want with the proceeds from the site .
and then think of something they can both enjoy.
just go ahead and follow your heart.
If you want a peaceful full life and behind money.
i think if I did that , , the gift would not be a gift .
Infatuation... ...says, We must get married right away.
And no, you wouldn't see me with dirt scums either they would either be police officers or military.
If you find yourself thinking that she is one in a million, then go for LOVE.
Just remember it is WOMEN they are cheating on
that means not calling him just a friend or someone you know!
has your sex life diminished
Dude-- only YOU can answer that question!!
It means that his love is so deep that he would do anything for you.
Thanks everyone for ur reply !!
just because a woman is fat or ugle does not make them a bad person.
And also someone to do the heavy work (ha!ha!
no You are not fat and yes , you can get a good looking man
And who knows love better than books , eh??
What Do You Smell Like ?
Just between you and her,IF you can do that.
If you do this, B is already implied if you do both A and C.
I mean the girlfriend , not the crush.
men think it is easy to make someone happy that is already happy.
bots just anoy us while we are chatting
If I was a girl I'd be gay.
Wouldn't it depend on the number of people invited?
Once and ex leave them an ex.
The man takes this as why didn't you call?
girls have no clue what love is.
if your desperate than make the move!
And Not trying to impress her..........2 Much!
i don't think he'll do it voluntarily.
but I love him to death.
LET THEM to SEE YOU AT YOUR BEST.
u better treat him on 2 date...
the average penis size is 5.5 inches hard
That way you can get used to it.
Depending on how you look at it and what it mean. It
Honey, If anyone knows anything about being a little hoochie mama it's me.
Hmmm... Vin Diesel b/c he's a hottie.
there are some who are looking for that and personallity , but most are looking for mostly good looks.
Unfortunately, all of em cheat , so not good guys.
They haven't been together for very long!!
i knew her, and he always said they were just friends.
he/she might be the one you are in love with :D!
haha that is a good question, girls like flirting but not a hoe!
I don't think you wanna be Tina again.
You like someone because of it and you love them in spite of. it
because guys are just interested in looks.
And NEVER let a man do that to you again.
It Sounds to me, you went after a high maintenance girl.
I HAVE ALWAYS SAID THERE'S 4 THINGS THAT MAKE A MARRIAGE WORK LOVE, COMMUNICATION, UNDERSTANDING AND TRUST.
2 types of Love: Love 'the verb' & Love 'the feeling'.
Right . I just said it to you.
because being meaning to them is to find themselves and being happy
Then all you have to say is I L-O-V-E Y-O-U
Yes, but why would she want to?
They had a bad first-experience C. They think guys are only after sex.
*wink*) Good luck......I'll be rooting for ya!
you creating bad karma for yourself....and kidding yourself if you think it will go no further.
`coz she was a virgin before you
If you're a hottie and not a bimbo and he doesn't call back, HIS loss
SOMETIMES THEY DON'T SEE IT LOOKING AT THEM.
Don't worry , she will forget him when she becomes 18 .
Little shy girl, I see you have posted a lot of questions.
does he not want to see me?
He may go to jail too.
a partridge in a pear tree....damn someone else thought of it first!
Or ask yourself: Am I ready for a kid?
i think most men like each other , they care what a woman looks like physically.
at a special restaurant, or if you're outdoorsy, at a pretty lookout place.
i wouldnt cheat on you if you were nice .
i'm sure that any girl would be happy to hear it :)
I honestly believe that most people are bent on what other folks are doing.
How can you identify true love?
because maybe you can try me 4 size.
Maybe You're just not this person's type....
you could sleep for the first three days , but later things will get better !
Yes you should , because it is very bad to forget someone 's birthday or Christmas too . .
I am gonna wish people Happy 2006!
no My wife wants to give oral sex . I know how you feel . call back .
May I take you out to dinner?
So why dont you fight for it!
I don't know why , but I just can't help it.
and it's toolate to turn back.
Just make sure the person you are having sex with doesn't have an std
we just think about us because we are scared of getting hurt,and relationships come and goes.
So b cool n U r going to b right !
i found the profile under there.
Listen , Do look for love , because if its right it will find you!!
well if you really like him , you could give him a little more time.
if he comes over on Saturday say oh well we wo be home tomorrow and probably not on Monday either.
Do women do this to men?
is it really fair to love one more than the other?
PLEASE HELP ME . I do KNOW WHAT TO DO!!
you have to think about everything..
I think you should hang out with him more and figure out if you like him back
i do think the money was everything in your situation.
just want to know 'bout general thinking
here what the recording will say.
and every time I tell him it is over, he wo leave me alone
The Internet does have nice people on it, just set your limits up front.and patiently wait...........
she is living with him now in adultery.
Not about how nice a guy is.
no it not if you really care about someone!!
or else, go to a city and pick up some not-so-good-looking girl off the streets.
be original.don't copy someone else's idea.
it hard to tell with men , Am I right?
probably 20 percent of married people.
4 the way to react well . Just say ie to me again . I dare you love, Dev
if not, I wouldnt have him in your bed doing anything except holding for your reputation sake
when you are willing to risk something by being with that someone
you wouldn't want to have a child and never know about it, would you?
If You just having a tough time...
he have made no progress in a sexual way and they have gotten abstinance rings.
The movie line, Don't say anything
No, I wouldn't pack up and leave.
guys prefer girls that know when to be naughty and when to be nice.
But that does not mean that career and money are not important.
However, If you still have some freak off in ya, you might want to try some threesome action.
because good girls are gullible and bad girls want it too....hehe
but I'll never go back, ever
Or maybe, men are afraid to hurt girl'ss feelings about it.
learn...grow...enjoy your baby, I doubt they will.
THE Money DOESN'T MATTER, LOVE DOES.
with HOW YOU PRECIEVE HOW HE TREATES YOU
and at night... kiss her like none else
Us Guy Needs to think with a BIG HEAD , NOT with a little Head.
go to aol.com and find chat , then find that room.
EITHER IGNOR HIM OR TELL HIM OFF .
it will make her mad as hell .
Get rid of both of them.
But good luck, and happy gaming.
Yes SOME DAY THE PERFECT MATCH WILL COME soon .
if you do this , it is very very weird . I still think its weird to this day
If he did it to you ... you know the rest.
some people do even have the money to buy things.
If he does have it(which I doubt), just break it to him easily
1. good human being 2. help other people 3. fill my life with love and happiness
Maybe one day , ask her to the movies or something.
ignore the exs, go for the new girl and be open with her
Would you ****WILLINGLY**** spend your life with her until you die?
You want to believe this anyway ..But age 52
I've liked this girl since I was 19 y/o.
hey Your name is great....becase it is the name of my best friend in Chandigarh too....
Look around her room or apartment to see the kind of things she likes.
Is there any girl from Punjab.i want to make her my good friend
you don't always get the response you want and the truth isn't always flattering for us.
diamonds always show how much your wife means that you are willing to spend it on her.
If not, try to give him little hints.
I HOPE IT ALL WORKS OUT.
names, Does the child have his father's last name or yours?
bE OPEN AND HONEST ABOUT IT AND BE SURPRISED IF people LAUGH.
i'm tired of all those ghetto @ss guys trying to be pimps.
But don't be a wuss either!
Well I can't tell you what it would be like because I lived with myself my whole life.
wait until you have been dating AT LEAST 1 year!!
u must choose one of them regardless of all the difficulties
Except, you could start flirting with her.
If you get started today...you MIGHT have something in hand by xmas.
Not tonight Honey I have a headache
See if she wants to have a go at it.
Why don't you ask him to invite one of his boyfriends ?
THATS THE EASIEST THING TO DO!!
If you think he is not, then dump him!
its 6:34 on New years eve and I 'm all alone.
IMO you love your boyfriend.
j/sayin this happened to me last week.
cause they are pretty and sexy, something between the ears would be helpful.
If she is not screaming it, try asking.
What's mom trying to tell you?
might have something to do with their childhood.
there are some lines that just shouldn't be crossed, know what I mean?
i don't think you find easly .... girls always think themselves rare .
or try to find my true love?
for some reason , we always want what you can't have.
you have to choose between the two as to whom you love the most.
It sucks , realizing love never existed where I thought it did, but it was a life lesson that I've experienced.
Don't let egos come in.
or were you pisst because you didn't go?
I'm 15, too , but I don't worry about it at all.
if you think he is attracted to you , then go for it!
Do yourself a HUGE favor and get the heck out of there!
going and telling her, that she misses her
or is it just a physical attraction?
Once a cheater, always a cheater.
I lol I do know what type of girl you are....i hope I helped
I LOVE CHICKS WHO DIG video GAMES
just say srry and go off with some other ppl.
(i mean what are you going to do w/ a guy who's mama got to take you everywhere)lol
Ditch him . You can do better .
Well you never will tell you stand up and talk to them
i had the most fun day ever!
oh yes, just don't subtitute, use the real ones.
I I I probably first told me when I was a little kid...
Hi,your name here..... Then she will respond.
Two: Why did you get divorced anyways?
(Rarely works, if it does be careful) Where else...
Why not just get a man?
do trust... **** her forget her
If he didn't care , he wouldn't have a problem admitting that he cheated.
There are men out there that can focus on multiple relationships....I mean friends, family and especially YOU!
I do know what it is, but I 'm dead serious.
Yes I think some guys will love who you are , not how you look.
You generalizing right now......so Why do women cheat on guys.......What is cheating?
FOR BETTER OR WORSE , REMEMBER SHE LEFT YOU WHEN YOU WERE DOWN . I do WANT HER BACK.
Three: Track him down with a PI, like Inspector Claseau.
would you be alright if you tried it and ended up hating each other
!just go directly to your weaknesses and redirect them
How would you like it if you were married and your husband cheated on you
commitment, Sense of humor, Love And some money too won't hurt .
no Sister I do think so.
I don't want to eat here.
a feeling that can never be explained
Do you always look your best?
ask her out to something neutral, movie with a group, dinner with friends , whatever just makes it casual.
we split up because he had to move.
True love stories don't have endings!
Love is when you like someone a lot
if it hadn't been her, it would have just been someone else.
i always start my love letters with, HELLO BEAUTIFUL, OR HELLO SEXY
if she's mad 4 a dumb reason.
age nothing but a numba.
!anyway just always remember we are all humans!!
If you truly like this guy , then be his friend.
If you really like the girl.. You know what makes her happy.
Where you always not so interested in sex?
3rd, keep your legs shut until at least the 3rd date.
we saying that we love you sometimes just b/c you say it first.
And then I would think about 35 more years....
just watching football and take your laptop with you!
wow....have you talked to her since?
it's fun doing it and watching it to
maybe even a guy who isnt in Juvinile.
How do you know love is in you??
if you have gay intensions then try it - see if you like it.
hey 'm fat too and 've thought of killing myself , but I thought of the people I would leave.
WELL Well WELL , WHAT ARE YOU DOING THERE?
Goofy you can relax with and mysterious guys are just too much work.
or u cud TXT... or msn... just do do it rite in his face.
there was a man in my life.
if he did something bad , then not if he did , then yes .
If you work with them and think about getting a new job.
Even the savege & covetous nature of man leads his eyes to the things he wants.
find yourself yourself a good man that you wo just use to find a real person like self.
get her plastic earrings from Clair's.
GO TO THE DOCTOR AND HAVE A LIST OF YOUR SEXUAL PARTNERS.. Nothing AIN'T RIGHT
you wo have to ask yourself that question if he or she is the one.
You have to remember what you children see...they become!
Ask him, If you did it would make him uneasy!
'Hi, I am blah blah) then say can I join you for a drink?
You know, guys are not sure what to say or how to say it.
please send any help info that is available.
How About Hola Just wanting to let you know that I can't stop thinking about you............................... Hope this helps.
no wonder your avatar looks so sad.
I was just curious because I wanted to try it with my boyfriend.
depends.....if you do care for your current boyfriend...then go for it....otherwise, stay clear.
HAVE YOU EVER HEARD OF THE SAYING THAT THERE IS SOMEONE FOR EVERYBODY?
I like nice music , dim lights and mmmmm well I won't when I am angry . :)
looks do really matter to girl.Besssss funny.
DO NOT attempt to do this with someone you know.
If there are more girls than guys hanging out, opt out, at least for a while.
its not a very good relationship if he only wants sex... write a letter and never see him again.
someone to make them feel secure and treat them right...a best friend for ever and always :)
Thirty, because you know what you want and who you want by that time.
well...it actually depends on the guy..... but if you ask me , it is a stupid reason to break up!
Dude like asking what I can I do to grow.
Get over it, Something like that would be a good enough reason for a break up.
but he didnt tell me that he was moving his cousin .
the body language... she will laugh at everything.
Only if he makes less money than you do.
BUT BEFORE YOU DO THIS...go through your wife's closet and look at what styles she likes.
Oh, believe this one, if he does want you to go or know where he's going, there you go.
now I am working in retail and I like what I do.
NO if you hear that they are wrong or lying.
if he is single , tell him that you like him in that extra special way and see what happens.
dump him..dont get used..u will mess up your life and you will have big problems in the future..
have you try stalking, that tends to work.
if he hits you once, he might do it again.
You don't really have to ask her out person
Yes I WOULD HAVE A LONG DISTANCE RELATIONSHIP IF THE GIRL WAS MY perfect MATCH.
So here's your holiday . Hope you enjoy it this time.
6 to 6 and a half inches.
both have the same level of perseption!!
i have a friend and I could tell him something and trust him with my life.
You shouldn't ask a 14 year old, that's too young!
then you can look for weighted or heaver duty ones.
Im so tired of him... it;s not even funny.
There are men who are not like that.
If you want romance, give it.
and Please do let yourself develop a hard or bitter heart!
well, first of all, most of us men do seem sex crazy to women.
Yes, even if he's in jail.
They say it 's great to not have to worry about all the things some guys bring with them.
It It It is not very hard, if you're hot
if you are looking for a 1 - night sex, I would say that the person you meet is worthless
If you don't really care about her, then go for a career.
Uhh, if you're a man , it sure does.
I don't want my son to know because he is only 8.
Try to find someone who is better and ....do not hang on to the past.
I love ya so much . I wanna have sex with you and so much more.
)if he refuses/ he's not with you anyway.
if your boyfriend needs space, give it to him before he cheats on you.
not only your body mature with age, also your mind and character.
Girls worry about their skin like crazy and she'll run a mile before getting close to a spotty face!
:) much love you in this hard time.
Cuddle, kiss, makeout, and then help him get some relief.
when you don't have to ask anybody if you are or not.
it applies to guys and girls both.
how to approach them and ask them?
Damn, I want that for Christmas!
just think about all the bad, that can go with the good :)
you just have to learn to trust people.
Ipod with her favourite Nos 2.
The Part of it says: Kids Can't Cause Divorce!
we just got back from a trip that lasted 10 days , meeting his parents and such.
romance is the ultimate key... rose petals...music.
work it out or move on and quit playing with your heart!
here comes the train of the obvious question answerer and the next stop is you!!
yes sweetie if u r still comfortable with him u shud!!
Bring her flowers...flowers are good.. remember that!!!
But...I have a 'friend' that put a note on my car with his name and phone #.
As I said before - Greed
Yup that should about cover it.
Wait until your late 20's early 30's.
i to cut ties with so-called family member/friend.ssss
Hi Sweety, I used to be bio.
if you really care about your friend, find someone else.
I mean, I like 3 different boys and I think that I may be in love with them all.
If your girlfriend aproches him , then you should separate from them...
any more questions . e-mail me at allarcon88@yahoo.com
Homie , you need to check yourself . You need to only one and stick with it!!!
The One thing that women need to learn is to TRY TO CHANGE A MAN.
THAT DEPENDS ON WHO I'm WITH.
Youve lost that loving feeling.... affair
'm 19 and married to the father of my a year - old child.
: I was straight until my 15 b-day, bisexual from 15 - 21,I am gay now.
OK.. There is this girl that is absent from me.
In a relationship, romance and talk, is a 2 - way street, not a one - way :)
;) But do talk more when you're around crowds.
screwing the roller coaster of emotions and living lies, I'll take the good guy!!
Any ideas as to what I should do and what I could get her?
If he says anything negative about girls asking guys, then maybe he isn't worth it...!!
no you want to stay friends w/ this person right?
just a thought...things that make you go hmmmm
So they like us naughty and nice for sure.
(This is when she wants a casual relationship with him.)
well if you want to remain friends after the break up , then not unless you have marriage in mind
and you need these 3 things to mature enough to enjoy sex.
They both have very good points...and DO NOT HAVE SEX BEFORE MARRIAGE!
I take it that you are a Christian.
You won't believe how many girls hate sex because of either
It is not just men, women are like that too.
likewise, don't get him anything similar.
for all your questions . You have to depend on the girl's reaction and response , then her movements
trying to sneak around and get an idea of what she likes first!
well, lucky you if you only met such guys.
Ask what turns a guy off instead.
after you see that all gays shoot them .
To keep you for himself - not many guys want to date a p/g woman.
i'm still looking for an answer
My fiance and I are going to have two weddings.
Just hang out with him, and act like you like him.
If He is a sports fan...he will be thrilled if you are too!
I never hung around gay people being raised.
Girls that just sleep around , don't care if you tell them you love them, they just want to fuck. you you you You you
keep your lips relaxed, First you even have to use your tongue.
the last one I was I married to a guy.
BECAUSE MEN ARE GREEDY AND THINK THAT THERE IS MORE than WHAT THEY CAN SEE.
i saw you say that you have been with only two guys and u r 21.
You find the right guy someday.
I dunno, even if she likes you, and then she'll prob.
Because they think in the same way as us.
Let me tell you that it really does hurts
just waiting for him to make up his mind
yours was not one of them.
Like me in lots of ways . 3. mentally there, but do need to show it 4. likes math
because we can beat off them when we ca hump a house
you'll be OK, I left my ex over a year ago, and I still feel for him.
No, I do think you 're wrong.
so try to become a better person . At least you may end up as a good person.
and the next day , say srry again.
but never stoop to his level by trying to get revenge!
women can take the man out ,but don't make it a habit....lol
But once you are in the friend zone , it is really hard to get out!!!
THEYRE NOT FULL OF CRAP...EVER HEARD OF A STATE CALLED NERVOUSNESS???
i actually had the same problem with another chick.
Women go for men with money even if they're total jerks and abusive, not for REAL Love.
good sex is.... not all sex is good.
she is ready to be kissed.
Hang in there , DON'T GIVE UP MAN.....
not in love but in like
Thanks for playing I hope I got this rite (jk!)
Well I used to call it cuddling with my girlfriend,you call it hanging.
i mean it might sound good now , but trust me- DON'T RUSH INTO IT!!
Don't believe anyone who says there is!
you should be flirty with one person and not every woman in the room... not a good idea
A friend IS A friend AND A LOVER , SOMETHING DIFFERENT, CERTAIN THINGS YOU CAN DISCUSS WITH YOUR friends , I.E.
I can not imagine life without kids.
If the juices are still flowing , then GREAT!
leave your husband and find a new best friend
If a guy becomes involved with a girl, does he have to cheat?
give me an instance....yes I am a single go - figure.
What did your best friend do?
trust me girl, it is damn near impossible to stay mad at somebody that you truly care about.
Please, Write what you think , Ok ?
girls like jewellery , flowers and expensive things
I thought he was a great guy - a perfect man.
to sifting through the sand and ur gonna find broken glass.
reach for his crotch . I 'm pretty sure hell will respond . Let me know if not:)
My world is brighter because you walk in it...
wow that it was hard, mentally retarded or just fantasizing about him too much?
Why would a girl stop loving a guy who really loves her more than anything???
jennifer Lopez is the right one 4 me......... ;)
Maybe you are dirt scum, and the 95% to which you speak are good guys??
have you trying beer and pizza??
A lot of gurl will deny it and say oh I only like personality , but we really do.
it kinda blew up in my face.
Just by checking this out,because I was curiuos when I found it.=)
Not All girls care about money.
it called Revenge girl and believe me, it is worth it to be rid of that untrustworthy jerk!
Flirt with each other the whole day and night... And whatever you do, PUT HER FIRST.
Both girl and boy are living happily ever after!!
get it tattooed on your chest.
he's hot and funny and hot and sort of smart
the Best shape and models to the eyes of anyone who doesn't guarantee the best !
making her a basket of personal favorites
I don't want him to go somewhere else .
Bring her around your mom more.
Yeah you might find it weird , but then again , the way love works is strange .
if so , then just show up and see what happens.
not just turn her down and tell her how much you appreciate your friend.
i am 23 and I have 2 kids with my husband.
Yes, men do need attention, but women need it too!
You said it beautifully already, now just say it to her.
they care about no one except themselves
yes, but they can never get divorced so, but you can
we will probably get married one day and have talked about it recently.
thinking about it . I mean seriously , what do you think it feels good ?
But remember, pretty and sexy gals also like handsome and macho men !
however, spending time with people you enjoy and who like to listen to gripes helps a lot as well.
his answer is good enough for me...
perfume...not too expensive, but it shows thought and care...good luck.
Yea the r and t are right next to each other on the keyboard lol
believe me . I'm there . I'm like that with my ex - boyfriend and we are only friends now.
they're probably little kids who think it's funny.
it worked 4 me I don't know if it will 4 u tho... Srry this is like a novel .
NOT ALL SOME PEOPLE IN THIS GENARATION...
I usually to go from partner to partner, with friends and anyone, even girly friends...
And girls do go for good aftershave - that means the expensive stuff!
Some pretty n sexy gals n handsome hunks stinks !
'm AFRAID I WILL LOOK STUPID!!
dressing up nasty and doing unsual sexual things ;)
Sure, head off to the alter!
umm I wouldnt get jewlery for a female friend.
By when he looks at you
Go to her favorite store, go shopping together, make it a fun day.
then, flirt him back to you!!!
Sex is not that big of a deal.
Being a full - time mom IS a job!
forgive and let go, but don't forget; just use it as a learning experience.
Focus on finding a mate, NOT getting a girl.
WHO BIG OF A BABE ARE YOU?
imagine all the kids that look up to me what good it would I be for them.
We want a FAIRYTALE , at least I do.
Tell them you are in love with them and experience the best sex you ever had !
Maybe you really don't want a girlfriend.
they would never do anything to hurt me either
Concentrate on school, where there are probably some nice boys you could be friends with.
usually Those don't last too long, but they're probably the easiest.
usually If she's talking to you , she likes you .
But some people say that I should get too serious because I 'm at such a young age.
Someone who I can be totally myself, good and bad.
Well maybe you are too young or you just want to keep your free life.
of course not, go ahead and luck .
I wouldn't have cared so much if he would have at least told me before-hand.
Sometimes girl do want to start to talk about things that can make her really sad.
so that's what she might be doing.
Don't expect him to pull this off, it's up to you.
do something really sweet that says you can't stop thinking about you sending flowers and telling her how you feel .
First, it really sucks that you are homeless!!
look at what she wears and get her something similar!
He had been sick but now it is crazy.
if so . that might be his way of asking if you did know it.
If you know what I do, you need to wait.
BUT IF HE OR SHE IS , it is NOT WORTH IT!
What should we do when we see a sexy girl?
My dad 's wedding was for free because he knew the preach they grew up to teach
Hope it helps the Most Excellent One ;) Gary
Once a snake, always a snake.
2) BE OPEN TO EACH OTHER SO THAT BOTH BE COMMON AND MAKE SURE NO ONE REFUSE .
Anyway, I cant think of more right now , but good luck.
Yup :) I met my first boyfriend online, as well as my husband.
You don't want to hear *anything* about her ex-boyfriends or stuff like that.
But Most of them are the rude kinds, make fun of you etc.
after you say yes, no you are not wrong.
You can't unless you are the one that filed it/
And if he or she didn't tell you, well.
just kind of gently suck on his lip... do try and eat his face... just nice and gentle.
im thinking about seeing my mom but should I call her first or just show up
She is too young - he is a grown man.
Got any hints from her or ideas?...use those.
Does he take a shower the second that he gets home?
maybe That is why you want to have a gf.
It can't be some guy or chick on TV or romantic guy off of a soap.
i do have any money to spend on this.
ALWAYS KEEP THE GUY WANTING MORE, Don't GIVE IT ALL THE FIRST NIGHT.
Thats when things went down hill.
getting out of your mother 's basement.
the bigger the man, the bigger the ego which is a turn off.
we aren't psychics..but if you have to ask..chances are you don't have much faith in the relationship..
I've never heard it before....but I like it!
try your query using Google.u can find many and if you find any good , please tell me :)
and do go with sexy in your name.
Not at all - in fact , it is a Very good thing if you hold yourself till your married
sometimes people cheat because they find no other way out!
I know, this sounds horrible, but guys like to believe they can get any woman any time.
You should just try out some fun hot sex with a guy and see if it feels right.
no I do love my husband and left-kids are fine
I have the same kind of relationship , so I say YES!!!!!!!
Ask her best friend for ideas Vince C, Orlando, FL
If just become rich . they will like you . Then
it depends on if you want to or not
following his eyes and connecting them with his moves and reactions , then you find it out
I FAILED TO ANSWER THIS QUESTION.PEACE OUT!
Because there is not a real man.
Just try to make yourself grow up fast.
But I prefer not to talk about that with the person I 'm with.
I know this one, honestly, I do.
(Material- I know, but I don't know him to say anything else about him but his looks)
i think they have too much time on their hands.
Well, if he just FORGOT, that is not a good excuse.
i do have the habit of telling her to go away.
She wanted to talk about it, but she could
or you want something really bad because you ca get it!!
As for you, don't ask for your gifts, That's pretty lame.
for now at least, don't talk to him, keep your distance until you cool down a bit.
Did Have you ever heard the saying,BOYS WILL BE BOYS?
Go ahead and leave her because she deserves someone better than a loser like you!!!!
If you love her, tell her.
I have twins and I get sooo many matching outfits.
Are you sure he's working out at the gym?
If not, and you still want her back, don't file either.
If you like her, start flirting with her.
Making out with guys is really gross.
If not, you should not worry...
told her as of right now I'm rash free; would you be my girl ?
Why do you just ask him?
not If its important you just asked to say hi several times in one hour, that would be annoying .
plus if you have children and things don't work out, where will the children end up?
Don't waste your time on the low-life looser!!!!!!!!!!
your perfect obidience in every way.
SOME women tell lies...SOME men tell lies.
If you are chunky or not , it doesnt matter what is on the inside . That DOES matter!
you two only see each other for the time.
if the boy tries to keep it secret, it 's still gonna get around
But I never let my family know.
One more thing...don't use the word awesome , at least around young women.
Tongue her til she gets off.
Go and have a good time . Do worry about them.
keep looking for that person who will love you, and isnt taken!
Don't think it is a waste of money, least it is a way to find your mate
HE IS CURRENTLY IN Bastrop COUNTY JAIL AND WANTS TO GET MARRIED WHILE HE IS LOCKED UP.
If you do, I guess you do (5 years!!!!
the time I realized she wasn't kidding, she shook her shoulders and walked away---Strange but True
Tell him to mature and start reading up on pregnancy.
CHUCK THIS RELATIONSHIP INTO THE CAN....CAUSE YOU DON'T HAVE A RELATIONSHIP ANY LONGER.
THIS MIGHT TEACH HIM A LESSON,IF . THEY LIKE EACH OTHER , HE WILL COME BACK,BUT WITH A DIFRIENT ATTITUDE.
are men or women more persuadeable to cheat?
If she doesnt notice you 'm here!!!
So, I'm kinda sittin' and ridin' this question with ya, seeing what I can learn.
When is a good time to give out your phone
I hope this helps a bit.
The thing is she wasn't bad looking at all and I think she really meant it.
What do your gut instincts say ??
Don't walk around thinking Well golly gee I'm not at all attractive , so how will anyone ever like meee.
Most women want to lie . You just have found one that is going to be honest.
do call it dating , but hey , if you can create all the necessary backstory , why not.
I'VE DATED A LITTLE SINCE , BUT I REALLY LOVED HIM AND I GUESS I COMPARE EVERYONE ELSE.
OH AND I 'm VERY OPEN MINDED . I HAVE DATED WOMEN BEFORE.
aww I love what ineedlotsofhelp118 said!
THEY DON'T WANT TO BE PREGNANT
Nope...but I think it would be hilarious if it happened LOL
i guess when he starts to like men
Why are some guys more horny than others?????
becasue women already have all the answers
even if it is just a sentence.
I don't feel right around them.
God, then Mom, maybe ur grrr if'n ur lucky.
The Money is good , but I don't go on appearance
by her doing that says a ton of stuff about her.
It gone So young , the Amber Pacific is amazing .
did you say a joke , then she thinks you are funny.
i 'm not a virgin.. but I do regret it.
simple is boring, complicated is not...
I like Craigslist and OK Cupid.
What I think I should tell them?
She jumped him but he got up.
Once a guy said, Nice to see you.
Tell her to mind her own business and if she does like the way you do things too badly
and I want to call him again , but would it bother him?
five minutes sounds kinda wimpy if it 's a normal time thing and not a quickie with the kids downstairs.
the first on,if this extra baggag isn`t very extra:)
he only said hey to me once.
If you believe lesbos are cool , then say so and if not then why?Me well I am one!!
Why isn't he moving in with you ? That is the real question here!
im also very loyal to my girlfriend.
No flower, no candy , anything like that.
do not believe if they say love is a feeling!
If not, you just wasting your time.
(dudes, and others, this is my cousin asking this, not me, lol, I dont swing that way.)
BECAUSE THE GRASS IS always GREENER ON THE OTHER SIDE.
because she is insecure and doesnt want to be alone, it is called co-dependency!
Help, I don't know what to do!
Well first, is there any way you can tell if he's been active on this account or not?
If you try to find love, it's so easy to see things that aren't there.
I do not go the bar because I do not drink, so what do you do?
or try to laugh it off.
well there are actually a lot of different points to this question.
i've actually met four people I chatted with on online dating sites.
You obviously love her if you gave up when you should be there for her.
no He is not a cheater.. The rings are not on the finger yet.
TELL YOUR SPOUSE TO SEND A POSTCARD ABOUT IT FROM THEIR NEW ADDRESS!!!
so we secretly ganged up on him!
he really liked me, so I pretended to like him, and we dated!
any tips to at least hide it?
Do you really think he is a bad guy?
Wait, I forgot a good nap is up there, too!
ask her what she likes and doesnt like.
So I thought I'd ask you.
however He should be leading you on with pillow talk.
i find it kind of new and interesting when a girl says that they like me.
FIRST, STOP GIVING HIM MIXED SIGNALS BECAUSE YOU DON'T WANT TO HURT HIM, He WILL INTERPRET THEM AS LOVE.
If is, nobody never cheats.
if she says no , forget her
If you look at my photo .... maybe you will wish to have a 3rd BF !!
i personal go for the guys with blue eyes and blond hair.
And what if things do not work out?
coz I had it with a person ... who is my best friend
Gifts does always mean he loves you.
I honestly don't agree with most people here.
Was there someone that cheated on you, that made you upset with girls?
I never get enough kisses and hugs.
people asking me my last question .
Infidelity, I say never get married, marriage is the #1 cause of Divorce!!
i've always been the type of person who falls for my best friend.
but if he does it to you again.
It's just not worth the safety risk.
not saying you are a bad lover , but some women take a really long time to get off.
you don't know you have to trust him
pls help me out here truthfully.
My BOYFRIEND JUST PROPOSED ON Christmas AND I do KNOW WHERE TO START.
Ask, but never hide your feelings.
if you like mt advice , e-mail me at tech_boy001@yahoo.com
They out there, we just have to start acting like one.
folk got nothing better to do and will read anything case in point..........
Surf P O R N online, or MAS TUR BATE.
If you just tell her a funny joke , then it is a good thing.
money is good if you are thinking about the future or just a suga daddy.
suggest that you date others for awhile.
I met my fiancee on the internet!!!
Not All girls are like that.
wait till he is ready . If you really love him , You will wait till he is ready . Good luck .
!even if I start to go dating on the net!!!
i agree, start seeing other women.
You haven't found a good guy because you've been too busy with this loser.
they don't give up sex answ3r3r
That is what women like, real guys, not fake guys
or ask him if he still likes you.
make sure its okay with your cousin first.
i will make a bloody love story for our p.e.
Because if he LOVED you , he wouldn't put you down or cheat on you.
First of all, don't just bust out with I LOVE YOU!
looking past the text..ask your buddy (best friend) what he thinks...never know..might work out
Life is too short for the what if's
Cuddling with my husband and reading a good book!
well that you will find out more later...
If he says he loves you but is not in Love with you.
Maybe it is because some girls have something the other gurl have!!!!!!!
I have already asked this guy out once but in a message and he didnt call back.
i hope someone will answer me because this thing really causes a problem for me????
Good Luck and try to do better next time, God loves you!
instead of focusing all your attention on your partner, you just think about other things.
tell them the same thing I do .
NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS , Don't EVER LET HIM MAKE you THINK ITS YOUR FAULT.
There, I said what you wanted to say to her!
instead just tell him you had a massage with someone and , unexpectedly , you had an orgasm.
i got to go now and take a time out
because this one girl is confusing me .
if you search for it , you may ot with a false one.
men and understand girls... ....its ok we will
You know it is like a marriage.
ask her for the DVD version, the tape will not last!
because this one girl is confusing me .
if you search for it , you may ot with a false one.
men and understand girls... ....its ok we will
You know it is like a marriage.
ask her for the DVD version, the tape will not last!
show confidence and treat her well!
I making great friends here.
He is kind of redneck type of guy, in good sense of words ;-)
is is is designpro has to give money or pay bills for someone you are dating.
What should I do to flirt with her?
And he continues....... ......the next day you will see it again.
God bless me with that special someone, I'm 31 years
or you could think about all the things he could of done behind your back.
First, if you love him , I don't see how you could even care about his looks at all.
Luckily I haven't had to start a fight.
I clapping my hands and my face shows it too!
BEAUTIFUL FACE WITH SOME EXTRA BAGGAGE.
because guys are turned on by sight.
you just have to do the research and ask around a couple places.
its a nice question when you look at it.
Basically... do dwell on the past
Then again-who says a girl couldn't have both:)
maybe That is the motivation he needs.
And The other guy goes to college in the next town over.
People read everything they just don't always answer.
TO GET LUCKY Please GO RETHINK THAT QUESTION BEFORE YOU POST IT ON THE WORLD WIDE WEB
A peice of shit that hangs from your ass hairs.
lemmi know .. as soon as you find 1!
They like a guy who listens.
holding her hand and snuggle, give her lots of kisses and hug her real tight.
lol I am going to take a stab at guessing here and say 12 times in a week.
Women have it so tough these days.
well.. just sit back and think... who would you give the world for?
Don't look for a problem that isn't there.
Not until both of you start going out will like just you.
So how the heck am I meet a partner if I ca talk to strangers!!?
definitely a liar.. and possibly a cheater.. My ex - boyfriend did the exact same thing
uhmmmm how about looking for a job.
take it from me . It is not worth it .
he's keeping his options open if you guys don't work out
after breaks . You should go to the bathroom to do sssssssssss&sisisisisisiisiiisii....................
Oh, I wouldn't be happy about that at all.
forget her and them , then you find them following you ... believe me
take it from me . It is not worth it .
he's keeping his options open if you guys don't work out
after breaks . You should go to the bathroom to do sssssssssss&sisisisisisiisiiisii....................
Oh, I wouldn't be happy about that at all.
forget her and them , then you find them following you ... believe me
if you are thinking about sexual things about that person, then it is.
If you plan on getting married I really hope it's for LOVE - Good Luck & Happy Holidays!
they are only uncomfortable if you wear em on your head.....
You just have to be willing to take that risk.
I guess you don't:) just kidding, try your best and see what happens.
apparently, this guy has issues... with himself.
Its not gonna be a quick fix and it takes time.
That's what I heard once, & thought it was cute...
my My ex-boyfriend's sister and I used to be really close.
And what would that do to your self confidence if it didnt?
have fun until the ride stops, then get off and get another.
My husband made me a pair of half caret diamond studs!
How should I become a ladies man?
But what if it doesn't work out?
But one time I asked a girl for a date, and she accepted!
when you don't talk . Do you miss him?
what things to talk about.and how to do it in order not to piss him off.
O.K., those are my quirky turnoffs!
no we actually do listen , but can you guys give such silly answers?
its not that big a deal,then from there you will be able to see where their heads are at..
He cried, but wasn't really hurt...
mn_sassygal you can lie to me any time whooooa what a dish
does this kind of love last for ever?
maybe not now, or soon, but one day she will cheat.
:) Not so bad is it?
you could always try just talking with him and see what happens
mabie he wants you to leave.
if you do ask , you will never know.
writing & I'll tell you more By the way - u 'd appreciate your help with yahoo answers.
SO , EVEN THOUGH I KNOW IT'S REALLY OVER , HOW CAN I GET THESE FEELINGS TO STOP?
See if you can get her to hang out with you as a friend first.
If you try to be something you aren't you'll just look silly and girls sense these kinds of things.
id ask her and if she says yes she is cheating , then yeah she has to go.
it's just something you feel deep down
Eats lunch with them 3 days a week.
Lately I have been feelin guilty for bein wit my man, but, thinking about this other guy.
stealth setting are like the ignore buttom?
MOSTLY HIS CHOICE.I JUST CAN'T SEEM TO GET HIM OUT OF MY MIND.
WE HAD DIFFERENCES W/MY KIDS AND OTHER THINGS , SO I TELL MYSELF IT WOULD NEVER WORK.
when I realize that someone like you cares to ask me that.
Most people don't even get that.
Take a left when you get to hell.
That way , you know what you're getting into.
Because you're thinking he's not okay.
- To a man = Mon chri, pronounced [mo(n) shay ree].
Hey, that's a cool necklace you have there!
I didn't like the French way, it felt too dirty.
Not very good, since it looks like a whole bunch of people already did!
If you cared about those days at all , you would want to carry on the really bad ones now.
nowadays , women should take the hand of control all the wedding side
she will also think of it as kind dirty that she did someone her best friend did.
You can't... that ship has sailed.
about four to five times a week.
never try to be bitchy, doing so would only make matters worse.
i think that means that she is only interested in only boys .
it depends , but most girls have met like mature guys with a good sense of humor.
hmmm,i do know why...but when 'm in a crowd I feel crowded...know why ?
you know those things that a woman does that send off warning sugnals in your head?
Wow, orgasms from just getting a foot massage, man are you horny!!!!
Never use a pick upline on somebody , no matter how funny it sounds.
U should only have sex if you are married.
IM is a good way to go if you don't care too much about him .
i would definitely go for true love!
But that didn't stop me from being the best one night stand I have ever had.
Yes ... and farted too ... but not during the same episode.
you just have to find us.
We're all gay...it's all about what you prefer .
If she just wants to have casual sex with you, just enjoy it.
Just saying I LOVE YOU 2.
a walking in a park,feed some greese,something like that.
When was this golden age anyway?
i think a kiss is harmless, so any age.
The Worst is, she will not answer her phone or e-mails to explain.
I guess because nobody cares about others deep down and they would rather sit there in self pity.
it will find you thts the only way
but I'm oldschool and think that 's appropriate-maybe I am a dinosaur.
let voting and put it to rest
Why DO MEN CHEAT ON WHEN THERE is A GOOD RELATIONSHIP????
And do it before the other guy does!
Because we are just attracted to the opposite sex.Thats just how it goes.Try It!
this may sound hard , but the best way is: to start dateing again.
Like, I met one guy today for lunch...he was very nice, but I also chatted with other guys too.
Maybe You just ain't cool enough.
be confident to think negatively and make your mind positive.
Choose the restaurant......but say, I chose this because I want the best for you.
If she is not interested then she wo care about you or what you say.
Dumped her sorry butt and found me a good woman.
Because they get the male species hot!
A thong is more like...underwear, swimsuit... A G-string is flimsy, for lingerie wear They are BOTH butt floss, though.
maybe he had it on there and forgot about it?
Yeah they would . Yes I imagine so if that is what they want .
i woke up with him on top of me and his***** inserted into my cl*t
He's a jerk - get rid of him
I found the person I was destined to be a little late.
i still call up one of those women every once in a while to go out for a beer.
Most gays want to admit that they are.
But the point is......you need to tell him!!
usally it means the cat/dog needs to go for the night before going to bed .
you to buy a pair of shoes without trying them on... Why should sex be any different.
if you aren't happy , move on.
I An I friend of mine told me this is normal...im hoping she is right!!!
now, if it was an artist that did modeling on the side, I'd be in like flynn.
I gave up looking for the one and once I stopped looking, he just kinda showed up.
let him watch some adult movies :)))) kidding... ask him what makes him stop?
NO please do not feel bad - instead feel good!
who goes to death by his own will!!!!
If I were you I would question it and be worried...
2. Don't ask if you love me if you ca reciprocate.
Or, in plain English, ask her if it's OK... :) -w
right now , she is the backup plan . If you don't come back,dosn't sound like love to me
)and if you don't you will feel lost out on an important and beautiful relationship.
do harping on the issue as that will only drive him away from you (guys see it as nagging).
because what you are doing is wrong and it woun't last well.
Avoid it like the fiery pit of you know where!
They aren't you just gotta learn their language.
Oh, and I like a good cup of coffee and sunny days.
coz I am not a native speaker of English.
I don't want any drama, I just want my dress back.
are there not enough problems with this world?
Hm, let me think about that....NO!
Don't ask her if it's OK. Just do it.
hey my dear friend , do worry man.
My answer... most men don't (from what I observed).
THE SAME WAY A SINGLE MOM DOES!
i think it 's hot when a girl is a virgin... most guys do.
It It tough, It an unusual setup.
watching 40 year old Virgin That movie is Kik ass funny and it will give you some tips
Second, IT DOESN'T REALLY MATTER WHAT YOU DO , BECAUSE HE WILL END UP GETTING HURT NO MATTER WHAT.
Ask your ex-boyfriend this question: Is it ok for me to date other men, while 'm with you?
and how sweet, and kind you can be!
old and we have been together for 4 yrs.
there will be drunk nights where hooking up is all too easy.
and explain to them that they should be happy that you have found someone to make you very happy!
putting down the magazines and go out of your house.
Did I just cheat on him?
you might also want to talk to him and see if he likes you how you like him.
next time you get jiggy with it . Ask her if you can use the vibrator on her.
and She is wonderful.. Now it's a part job you don't like?
Some guy just want to have fun, other guys want something more serious..etc.
How do I know so much????
its hard to forget the things that were between you.
if it passes , then let it go.
Well , hun if you decide to meet the guy that is when it becomes dangerous.
No sweetie, this is not cheating.
just try to remember their loss , not yours.
both men and women.. well..difference is that.. men are more desperate for sex..while for women.. commitment is also important!
In 10 years, when he had that big old beer gut, looked back at him a laugh!
(uggggllllyy) anyways, there are some out there, but they are few and far between.
just wondering about the holiday season
honey I would drop her like a rock....she is not worth it!!!!!
if your happy , but it's other people that are not happy , i.e.
Not at all, you just want that special feeling you get from it.
Love is MORE THAN THAT that you just like to be with,work with and trust your life
Most men could care less if they were married or not.
?may be on the street !
you already know what you should do.
Do you not want to help him?
see if she is your typing
calling her and telling her that she loves her .
DO you THINK HE MIGHT NOT FEEL THE SAME WAY?
Casablanca (can't believe I'm the 1st to tag this one)
That isn't fair, and wouldn't you hate it if someone did that to you?
It literally almost broke me down because he said our love was neverending and I loved him so much.
because you're dating the wrong people
I am sooooooooo lucky to have him :-)
However, don't worry, there are still guys like me out here.
In my experience, love always seems to come my way when I least expect it or want it.
then get out quickly/cleanly, take the children!
Good luck and just so you know , I would think it was pushing it too
i like the look of Jennifer Love hewit and Jessica Alba but hey that 's why it is a fantasy.
Get over yourself and let him go with someone who thinks more of him than you ever did!!!!!
OR you could try casually starting a conversation about diamonds......that would work too
some things , let get in bed
Should I ask him what he meant by this or should I wait until he says something.
show her your sausage and if she smiles , then she likes you
If you are really worried , you might just want to get a paternity test!!
How old is everyone on here
Tell her that you need some privacy, a little time off, alone time:)... stuff like that.
ya never know until you try it.
but do forget she is your sis and no man is worth it.
outdoor wedding..lots of colorful flowers, jewel tone fabrics.no silk florals
it could be anything and he's just too scared to tell you
entice him by showing him some skin........ a surefire success.
After they'll b relaxed, feeling great & ready to thank you!!
49-52 is a small group, You should be looking at the 40-60 age group.
it's not as scary as it seems.
you better give her a dinner date.
breakups are hard , but youll find the person that is the love of your life.
Problem is, I still love her.
you need to leave him right now, it is only getting worse from here.
Don't let her bat her eyelashes and convince you its not.
What should I do now ?
only guys here the the secretaryy is super ugly and about 25 years older than I am.
It It really depends if the guy really likes the girl or not.
not.it is not cheating . You just start or try to cheat .
you should start your life new.
OMG , so ask him to go study with you in the library
a 10 dollar gift card for a thrift store.. LOL
Every time I look into my girlfriend's eyes, I can see the beach.
u dont have love without a lover!
Is Is Is he SURE he is OK with that?
u just have to be yourself
I don't believe in the lifestyle!
Take a breather, (I'm sure he is feeling a little bad too) and go cuddle with him.
I do care about the diamonds or the cost of my wedding ring.
yahoo personals is number 1. match.com is number 2. You'll have better luck at yahoo.
No It is not bad at all.
So, don't look here and there ..... just stick to the first BF.
Easy... ask yourself if you would take a bullet for him.
But then I wanna be with my kids and husband.
right , so you and she have the same taste for guys.
DON'T MAKE A FAST MOVE, BUT USE THAT GOD GIVEN INTRUMENT - MOUTH.
ppl reading anything they can get to.
1 of my friends cheated on somebody and they HATE her.
but falling for everyone is not right.
OK, if you ask nicely , I will.
Remember: Men are from Mars , women are from Venus .
because you guys are a handful.
Do you want to get married??
Hell, you've known him for five years!
The wilder the better, I don't want someone who just lay there.
(Interestingly none of them would dare date a black guy!)
YOU GO GIRL AND STAND UP FOR YOURSELF . You HERD ME!
guys don't care about telling them romantic things.
Whatever Jason says will lead to a war and will not be effective...
Barefoot on the beach with just family and a few close friends.
YOU NEED TO DO SOME INVESTIGATING BEFORE YOU ASSUME THAT SHE IS CHEATING.
So should I give him an ultimatum?
fool me once , shame on you.
should I hang on and wait.
Yes I have a best friend relationship .
and if he says YEA, kick him in the crotch.
Anything less than that, forget it!
talking sexually or intimatly with someone other than your spouse is cheating.
we're [the girls] just starting what they [the guys] did years ago.
evrybody do it... try it, it 's great .
whoever you are dating now put it on hold until you are though with your divorce
i'm yet to discover the same!
Especially if you're not the girlie type.
there are so many things to think about first.
The female brain is far too complicated for that!
I know it sounds superficial, but wow....wear good shoes!
But on the other hand (u woman - you are sneaky and devias sometimes.
(psst, it's the 6th string on the guitar)
so suck it up and ask him directly
instead waiting for the true love to find you
have a nice life.then find another.believe me , there are plenty out there
if he does move in with these girls , makes it a point to be around.
and trying to do things for a little money to begin with.
if he's your ex, don't get him anything!
It love It is not about size... is about all the rest together
Never give up or stop trying, it is too important
so you should really take time to think it over.
if you are just chatting about normal things with no intention of sex, then no, it's fine!
so that guy who you like is also gay?
if you have to ask that question, just walk away
honestly If they did you think they'd be so amazed by the fact that we have em too
She didn't want to quit doing it.
My boyfriend and I just don't have much fun.
i think if you ask any woman though respect should be #1 on everyones list.
not having fun just now, are you???
u and the friend needs to keep quiet
!but I don,t know whether it is my fault or society 's fault?
cuzzz they are women . They have a pussy and butts . That 's why.
Couldn't stop thinking about the other man until one came home.
but Sex is a bigger issue.
go to someone who really knows what love is and then ask: Does love change?
Some girls just don't know how to say no, same as guys.
well girls and boys do the same thing.
if there is a second date, That is a good sign
how I can enjoy her sexually
slower is better than faster except for the occasional quickie...lol
I bet you she will want you then!
look for a guy who does not attract you.
if their happiness means more than your own.
I'm a married guy that loves shemale porn.
If you don't think that that is cheating , then you do not.
If you ca stand it or get used to it , maybe you should move.
maybe your not enough or good enough for her that she has to use it
email call drop a note . Yeah it 's okay to ask.
she's drunk , passed out lying there n't she ?
its right next to your heart.
k what he told you ask it to him back
Ask yourself if you only fall in love with forbidden fruit...?
Is it so you don't get caught looking?
he told me he was trying to wait it out with her.
they should go to dinner and a movie.
Sure, People do it online every day.
Cheap Trick, If you want my love Now give me a 10, thanks.
or if you really fear the rejection , then tell one of his friends that you like him.
You sure you know what you're talking about?
DON'T TALK TO HIM ABOUT GUYS YOU LIKE OR ARE DATING, THAT WILL ONLY HURT HIM MORE.
Boys like girls ' personality and their looks.
It doesn't matter how much sex you've had, I wouldn't use that as a consideration at all!
a guy that takes the lead and stays in control
so you can please her better so she can forget about that vibrator!
It sounds like you are just interested in appearance . Check out myspace groups .
maybe he's after that green card
I say go for it and enjoy it !!
?,,,nuttin to worry about in my opinion
That's how men think, we're simple people!
because some people do not like other people.
yes and by the way - where have you been asking that question for the last 10 years?
Sorry I 'm at work with no messenger.
because no one told them not to lie.
Just always remember your family does love you and always will.
you leaving everything in a mess, and expect us to pick up the pieces
tell him the bitter reallity slowly with hand in hand.
If you need to dissmiss him, then do that too.
no I met my baby online and we've been together for 4 years now .
I gave him a note, but he has n't replied yet.
if you really like him, Juz go ask him whether he or not?
Not French ... the language of love ... the most beautiful sounding language ...
WOW I KNOW HOW YOU FEEL.
But it would be wrong if you actually did it.
if she's just messing, flirting around , then a quiet talk will do.
You don't trust him or you wouldn't be asking.
But trust me , not all women are flirts.
forget her with a little spit - even if she does diserve that
He or she isn't worth it.
the day she doesn't like having it, maybe after a few hundreds or can she count after that!
i tried to call him but he is either not home or nobody picks up the phone.
but you cannot make him want you in his life.
HE RAPED YOU!THAT'S RAPE IF HE does HAVE YOUR CONSENT.
if you are a liar yourself , you are certain to get a cheater.this is a divine rule.
How do I get a bf?
it is always appropriate to tell someone you love them, even if you don't.
true love...money will fade away , but true love will
do get involved and ruin a marriage.
If you have to start counting on your toes...
After you will say hi to her . Try to show what a person (im about personality).
give her a flower today and a present on Christmas
An ideal wedding spot would be near the beach in a sunset setting.
oh ya there is always some body out there for everyone.
for sharing our thoughts & love
to qoute Sir mix lot . I like Big buts and I can not Lie you other brothers can't deny. It
show her that you really care.
But I do believe in love online!
Don't be afraid to take a chance.
NO BUT... 'm coming FOR YOU . I KNOW WHERE YOU LIVE .
it kinda backfired , but it was worth it!
give him flowers.give a good bye kiss.
It sounded like we were in the same boat.
i to go with the artist
The word friend itself reveales the story--FRY-END,, SO DO I NEED TO EXPLAIN ANY THING MORE????
I tell him I don't like him . He say's he doesn't like me either!
Come on girl, get up and get your baby and leave the fool.
and I was in graduation final year.
Did he ever give you reason to be?
Being happy IS THE RIGHT THING!
NO UNLESS YOU TRUST HIM WITH ALL YOUR HEART
And no other guys in the picture to be jealous of.
if not , then find someone else.
i like to let my 2 boys and the big tree hang loose every now and then.
Do you have specific questions rather than open ones??
MARRIAGE wo CHANGE THINGs EITHER WAY!
There's a big difference between a crush and love.
hes a d!ck you do want to associate with players like him.
Mom always told me not to talk to strangers!
If you are like me...once you love, you always love.
All men find something in women that they love and eyes arn't always it.
(trust me this works 4 most of the time)Good Luck :)
I'm going to bring my family with me . I'm not that stupid.
put the computer away and go for the real thing that is right at home waiting for you.
if not talk to him about it , If he loves you , he will understand
Do you know what you saying?
GURL GO ON Latino SITES where you CAN MEET PEOPLE THAT WAY.
they want all of your time
he's just not that into you.
If he persist, then get 'ghetto' with it.
cz they too will think the same way about us.
because it tastes like banana cream pie!
Since you have raised the point,I realize that too!
i do advise eyeing another person's gf.
im asuming if you are a woman.
Now back away from the computer dude...
also compare them with a list of what you like/hate about this person.
You should ask yourself if he loves you so much . Why isn't he leaving?
I had a crush on a guy for 3 yrs.
I once told a gay friend to be careful or he would get AIDS.
there's a lot , so I'll try to narrow it down to 3 things.
BE HONEST TO your HUSBAND,LOVE HIS FAMILY,DON'T SAY anything Hubby,
IF he gives you a bad time about accidentally losing it...RED FLAG.
do what your heart tells you to do . It is the best thing right now .
Now, now...there are great dating sites out there.
SHE DEFINITELY WANTS YOU TO !!
no chance at all..i've read it.
for me . I do know how to lie and I do want to know either.
This is like asking, how do you know if your straight..
So stop looking, and just hang out with your friends and have fun.
or do you believe in love online?
You know, maybe they'll invite you over for tomorrow
Be careful w/ the company you keep.
Brunette for sure...who said Blondes have more fun?
If you're an idiot , keep posting stupid things right
WELL My advice IS FOR YOU TO TELL HIM HOW you FEEL.
he wo be worth your time.
there is no way you can be together?
Brunette for sure...who said Blondes have more fun?
If you're an idiot , keep posting stupid things right
WELL My advice IS FOR YOU TO TELL HIM HOW you FEEL.
he wo be worth your time.
there is no way you can be together?
eventually, reality sets in though , but you are still always happy.
a nice dinner , a movie and a soft kiss :x
I never miss an opportunity to tell her.
Does That excite you, guys ?
Just another way of spicing up their sex lives.
just tell them that you want to get married right now.
and what tune to talk to him in ?
It going back to the cave man days babe.
GOOD LUCK AND REMEMBER IT'S NEVER YOUR FAULT.
because they feel something inside of them and they want to have you know what
its beautiful, might be hard to come by though.
when she says no , do be a stalker . It will just annoy her and get you in trouble.
I guess, she just missed her son.
1. For no one to gets sick and die only die from old age .
i wondering if you wanted to go see a movie with me on Friday?
its beautiful, might be hard to come by though.
when she says no , do be a stalker . It will just annoy her and get you in trouble.
I guess, she just missed her son.
i wondering if you wanted to go see a movie with me on Friday?
if it does work, there are trust issues at hand.
i want a beautiful girl with a good attitude and a down to earth personality may be it you>>>>>>>>
I was going to simply answer 'about what?'
It F** annoying when I don't feel like talking(communicating) ............
Warm Cocoa makes people feel in love, you know!
you should set things straight with her.
try to be yourself and just start a conversation with someone and hope for the best
Dunno what else you will make your own judgement
she cheated on me , but I still love her because of her courage.
I told him I didn't like that and I wanted to kiss him but with no tongue.
You won't know unless you try though!
but if ever that happens to me, I wouldn't be able to get over it right away.
sorry man - do you live in Theran ?
They would not love you if they did not care about your well being...
NO but fart did I say that lol
she tend to giggle and become sort of shy when your around.
show her the man you really are!
Mmm...before you decided to leave him?
so what mental hospital do you go to again
i don't think many are very smart because they've used their looks to get away with many things.
It is definitely blond!Blondes have this special angel look going on.But they gotta be naughty angels!
Just don't call like every 5 mins.
Then give her that stuff and LEAVE.
but half of them were bad in bed , so I wasted a lot of time on the losers!
let her know you trust her judgment on everything and that it is all about her.
You are just hanging out in the wrong places.
things that most guys do to hurt your feelings..let me know..
If you do want to lose here, just trust her.
they also think that they want a listening hubby.
I think it's more accepted that men cheat.
First of all , she should do that.
The gifts are not the perimeter of true love .
She just seems the kind of person you could just sit down and talk to!
IF HE SHOWED UP AT MY DOOR , I WOULD PROBABLY REALLY WANT HIM BACK, BUT I KNOW I SHOULDN'T.
well That is just my opinion , but it is what you truly think
so , in other words , just be yourself and if she doesn't like you , then she's not right for you!
Because women think a lot of things that don't make sense.
Girls hardly ever use an obvious pick up line with men.
(ok I also giggled.....but wow....horrid date!)
he may of had it on there before seeking for a gf.
Have a couple of beers first...
don't tell him you had a massage with a guy 'cause I think it will make him feel bad.
if sex is very good for men Do they want to keep coming back to you?
WE MALES HAVE BEEN IN PRACTICE FOR YEARS BEFORE WE LOSE IT.WE ARE READY BY THEN.
if it is the past then it should concern you except getting tested , but yeah , you should just talk.
It keeps everyone wondering where you are going and who you are going with!
You should be asking a lot of questions.
He needs to show you he wants you!
A lot of money would be nice, won't lie.
I picking it up and just stare at it.
reality is that you are not gonna get such a girl.
I would be helpful with this difficult problem .
There is NOTHING to make up!!
call on the phone and ask her out
cuz love does not hurt you!!
If you have at least 1, then your set!
THEN EVERYONE ELSE HAS TO UNDERSTAND.
she will always think you two still have something going on.
I going to wait 5 or 6 yrs after I get engaged .
LET HIM GO, SOON HE'LL REALIZE WHAT HE HAD!
Since you already called him once, not call him again.
What are the right words that I should say to this kind of man?
i would have to say yes,i would not say that unless I liked the girl
the guy above , Please note that its grammar and not grammar
its a good place to lay your head on and because they do have boobs.
as long as you are good to her, and it is OK with her, then yes, stay with her.
I was a good looking guy to begin with , but I was just shy.
Sitting at the beach, watching my kids play.
Shell thinking that your way to 2 series to start.
Oh I so have the same problem.
whch everyone works out more (depends)
theres some things that need to change or I'll leave and I can't even get him to listen
GIMME 10 POINTS PLEASE AND CALL FOR VOTING
Having one girl that you really care about can be very satisfing.
I wasn't doing it for the money , but because I loved him.
HAVE YOUR FRIEND to FIND OUT IF SHE LIKES YOU AND THEN GO FROM THERE
Then proceed to have cyber sex cam to cam!!
Or do what the other guy said, large members work too.
But don't just go in at the speed of light!
you shouldn't have to try to get a boyfriend, it should just happen.
Us guys only think one way and that is the easiest way to get Punani.
Just be yourself, treat her nice, give her a date she'll never forget
And boy was that a mistake!
oooo girls like to be complimented.
Try to flirt and then get a cold.
But even then... your best bet would be child support.
Some guy liked me when I was in 6th grade and it wasn't sincere.
give her a red bull and she'll fly away just like in the commertial
Yes, your baby's father is your husband only
If you are sexually attracted to the same sex , then you are GAY!
no, date who you want to date, It will be your girlfriend , so you want to like her
C'mon man, if you really love this woman, you won't cheat on her.
if woman has royal blood , she should not get married because that blood is not sposed to mix
honey, if it's taken him this long, probably not
Isn't that trying to gow up a little too fast?
(There's more questions coming about her.....HELP ME OUT HERE PLS)
we do want to be thought of as 'easy'.
dude, If you think she likes you , go for it, if you think she doesn't, look for someone else!
Her ex-husband cheated on her, so she cheated on him to get back at him and then left him.
Lets refraise ur Q: Why do Weird guys confess to me?
Oh my gosh, your on cloud 9.
it is not all about sex.
I had butterflies in my stomach b/c he scared me.
I know you heard this b4.
if you don't tell her, then nothing will ever really happen.
HOW DO I DEAL WITH IT?
neither 'll just keep dating my girlfriend
something and tie yourself to just one person...you should be getting to know all sorts of guys.
the Cougars are out there...and they will find you.
Maybe he is a virgin, or possibly waiting til he's married, maybe he has a std or small penis.
if you guys are friends , I think it is best to just stay that way.
She said she was gonna call me and let me know.
What is wrong with it, if she likes another guy and has friendship with him.
a ring is just a ring
i wouldn't put up with it if he said he wanted to marry me, because marriage is permanent.
SURELY You ARENT THAT DESPERATE THAT YOU HAVE TO GO ON AN ADULT SITE.
Only if the girls are sexy though.
Just that the girl is straight(not a lesbian) and somewhat immature.
You just sort of have to help it become perfect.
The situation I'm in now, My guy has to go throw catholism classes.
There there There is no future for it .
sometimes The boys that do talk that much , pay more attention to their girlfriends when they get 1 .
Maybe He would mind if you were even there
shell flirt with you and be nice to you.
I'd be a rich mofo right now.
The only thing I regret is that I married the wrong person...lol!
If he is a geek or nerd thinkgeek.com
some place that is not full of noise !
And please, don't ever get married simply for that reason.
Yes it is because then she would have to cheat and that would not be good
think of things to say to him.
jst say that he's the best thing that ever happened to you in your life...
There are a lot of stupid questions on here... like who emailed me last!
Every girl wants to be asked out!
but if she doesn't like you back that way , she will feel awkward around you after that
well.. when you feel that that the person you like..gets on the top of your priority list!!
do ask sexual or questions that pertain to the crap that she usually gets at a club!
2, and now that 1 of them barely even said 2 me and treatz me like crap!
Girls like to play hard to get... not knowing the age here..
how you can be sure that the wife is not cheating the husband.
A lot of guys want that too.
well if you want to marry me then because it is so urgert to you that I am.
Listen & listen & listen & listen & then talk.
HE WAS PROBABLY THE ONLY MAN I EVER TRULY LOVED.
and what should I do to overcome this problem ?
that would win me over in a heart beat!
money, cheating, in laws, no time spent together
u had to ask : Does there exist love??
Milk In La Frigerator or My Ignorant Little Friend
His girl hitting on another guy right in front of him.
it's either your appreciate or fun or you got something on your face
also, ask yourself, do you feel bad after doing it?
ask her if you can buy her something to drink and sit and chat for a bit!
not interested in rekindling the love you once had.
tell him that there is a sports ilusttrated swim suit model outside waiting for him
If you are the same age , go with friends and check it out
do you really mean that because I think it is really bad to date online
You asking him to stop and he wo be bisexual.
well, First off , she put boys instead of men.
But, if you risk your own life to defend him , then you are in love!!
sometimes I feel I should because he does see her anymore.
The best advice my mother ever gave me was to Marry your best friend!
YOU do NEED THAT IN YOUR LIFE.
AND WHY DO WOMEN CHEAT WHEN THEY HAVE SOMETHING REAL GOOD????????????
The guy's got issues he needs to work out.
i am 26 years old and until now I have a girlfriend know nobody believes that !!
flirting is healthy...cyber sex is cheating....
I am in my mid 50's.
if you meet nice boi then they would like to just do
maybe He is a Christian and he beleives that you should not have sex until after you are married.
As to your answer.......I wish I were an 8ball......a prophetic soul.......but I'm not.
Damn... now if only I could take my own advice, lol!
thats what I did and it worked.
You just have a high sex drive.
bECAUSE GUY ARE SICK PERVERTS WHO MAKE US THINK THAT!
Of course , you shouldn't go out with him!
like they all said very slim!
Try to meet a real woman off-line...that's The hard thing, huh?
But I also cherish my female friends because they are awesome, too!
If you do this , then keep doing what you doing.
Dear, You are friends even now.
maybe He actually lost your phone number and he likes you back.
ask her about her and seem interested in what she says!
THIS WILL BE HARD IF you are REALLY REALLY SERIOUS.
TREAT HER LIKE IT WAS THE FIRST MOMENT THAT YOU FELL IN LOVE WITH HER.
What if it was a part-time job you didn't even like anyway?
well , if you can get a long future with them , then you are in love
have talk about it with her n't yell or get in a fight.
maybe he thinks that ur trying to break up wit him or tell him something that he won't like...maybe!
tell him if you're pregnant and see what happens
What would a woman do that would make you faithful to her and eat from her palms?
Most women are pretty shy about voicing what gets them off.
listening to this happened to me a lot
Am I going to believe him?
Couple here Not often enough, because of the Kids!!!!
I KNOW YOU LOVE YOUR FAMILY, BUT THIS IS YOUR CHOICE AND YOUR FUTURE CHOOSE IT WISELY.
do take it seriously . I do mean it in a bad way.
find a girl that you like and treat her nicely and just be your self.
if you want to have a relationship online, just keep it at that.
My favourite aunt is dying, I can not take anymore deaths!
Myself, I always stick with the can't go wrong routine.
Get on the net on a webcam.
go to a nice restaurant and eat and talk
then again, if its not from before you guys got together , then yes, he is a cheater.
men w/ men is not beneficial to anything, man with woman makes life!
Once they start looking, We girls can get whatever we want from them :P
I told him to call me and he did not.
guys more about what you do -action based expressions.
well, if you really like her...I don't think I would ask her out...have you heard the term rebound...?
Why can't you ask him out?
If He loves you... he loves you!
i joined her in her English coaching class.
always smile and be energetic.girls do fall for money . U can have cute gals around you with your humor.
And, How do you determine, if you like them, once you meet?
either is what you would want him to think if it's not true.
be clean and neat, smile, self confidence, self-confidence, no real woman wants a weak scary man!!!
well girls have a tendency to think they are acting differently when they actually are not acting any different.
you know she wo be obsesive or anything like that.
yes and I have done so in the past.
This guy choosing the option of not receiving instant msg .
Hmmm...well, wait to see what happens to the guy and his girlfriend.
Well , if you're not just trying to pick her up , you have nothing to worry about.
all women love it , but most guys are too stupid to realize it .
I agree with NOT just offering her unsolicited advice...what a turn-off!!!
Best of luck to you Jolly Roger!
be yourself after all what you are best at , so take my advice , go with yourself .
Go to my 360 and check a few pics I have listed.
Girl, if you view your Grandmother as fabulous and fun, Go!
as one of her interests in an online profile?
Guys think about sex all the time too...probably more than you.
For my wife and I (30 yrs) on my birthday.
Well I don't have a Britney Spears, but I do have a beautiful wife.
I n't live anywhere near that place...
NO....dump him and find another one
Regardless of what anyone else thinks.
Why do YOU HaVe-To have This gal???
Bang his best friend, have someone videotape it(or tape it yourself) and then make him watch it!
I almost always have to initialize the quick pecks during the day!!
No once a cheat , always a cheat.
I think it is not sufficient to give one's views...u should specify details
And her cousin, and her neighbors.
Just pick the one you like
I didn't die or even explode.
but that would be too direct.
Well,every WOMAN/MAN would LIKE to LOVE BETTER,EVEN IF THEY DON'T agree
just tell htem that you havent found the one yet.
Or you lived in the gay part of Hollywood and the gayness just sucked you in!
U NEVER NEVER KNOW WHAT SHE FEELS.
Take him a beer and say sorry about that stupid argument.
Also, don't EVER give a girl money.
Cuddling on the couch and watching TV with my family!
most of the Tim eits for sex
Everyone knows what is love,but is no one can explain what it is
you can get close to them by either dating them or having sex
Of course I don't live in Nyc.
It We It is not complicated , it is just that we are too cute to get what we want
There's one nice thing about having a car without auto-locks...
Then go ahead and stay with him/her if you want.
When in Rome, you know the rest.
:-) Sorry, did you mean something else?
1-200 boxes , for this month rent .
pay a random girl to spread a rumor that u r great in bed and have a huge member
Coz My Partner is a Good Player!
There are a lot of handsome guys.
WE SPLIT OVER A YEAR AGO.
I wear thongs because they are sexy and they turn on men!
And no, I do not regret it.
We have an old girlgirl together.
he 'm the coolest guy in school.
3- a toy for my baby .
i start to believe that girls like only rich men with muscular bodies and a nice hair style??
Most guys I know with looks are absolutely pig-headed, don't have a personality, or are completely stupid.
a lot I can't count.lol.no seriously I think about 25...gee!
well, I play the drumset, but I'm not hot!
just ask someone you like out
How well should I know a guy, before meeting him in person?
B/C MARRIAGE CHANGES EVERYTHING IN THE RELATIONSHIP!
if they keep callin you afterwards , tell them to quit callin.
Hi, you like me, Do you think I like you too???
At present I don't have money for day care, maids etc.
just tell him you like to go out sometime?
they are just afraid to be alone!
but He is a real nice guy.
Even now I am 39 years old.
i think you should think about this.
Start there and she will lead the way to the rest.
first you ca allow or unallow him to do anything.
if they ca believe you and get passed that then they arent your true friends.
There is not just one answer as there are also sex addictions, midlife crisis etc.
just ask her or comment on what she is looking at or doing and then go from there
remember the grass is always greener on the other side, until you get there.
the the the with the macsteed/blondegyrl2004: the long and short of it.
If that doesn't work for you
Face it... sleep with her man sometime in the future , video tape it and send it to her.
Yes once when my nose feels so itchy 'coz of bad bedsheets.
hanging out with him and these friends in the apartment and out.
the the the with the macsteed/blondegyrl2004: the long and short of it.
If that doesn't work for you
Face it... sleep with her man sometime in the future , video tape it and send it to her.
Yes once when my nose feels so itchy 'coz of bad bedsheets.
hanging out with him and these friends in the apartment and out.
if he was like 5 years younger??
maybe she is telling you that you please her , so you wo feel bad.
i'll agree that you just need to tell her how you feel.
Sometimes I love something or someone so much that when they let me down.......I HATE IT!!
They like mature guys because they want someone who knows what he's doing and not trying...
now , that a quesion worth answering .
no I have never sneezed during sex...but it would be really funny if one of us did...
make love to her, do just have sex (if you are in love with her).
little boys do really like girls.
i have slammed people 's heads in their lockers once.
If your answer is no, do read any further and dump him right away.
WE TELL EACH OTHER I love YOU EVERY NIGHT.
Make them WORK for your love
Dodge Ram; it's a pick up
because she did n't do anything wrong.
jesus man, might should shoot myself now !
If that Fails , Ebay , EBAY EBAY
Well, During that break , I met another guy and I really liked him, but, I do love my man.
But It was good for me.
I SURE HOPE THAT THIS IS NOT MEGAN IF IT IS RUN FAST AND RUN HARD AWAY FROM THAT.............!!!!!!!!!!
If its not right , then I waste more time thinking about it.
im not sure that it is nagging.
it's all biologicial and do let anyone tell you different.
yourself is the best gift for your lover,trust me
if you do , you will never find the person.
It depends on who dumped who.
(member of a) body of men specially picked and trained for carrying out raids and making assaults
I don't find it sexy the other way around.
you should find out what your parents do like about him and .
0% Unless you are a computer , you read it while writing it.
no Why should you suffer ?
do you trust people online ?
But DO NOT LET HIM USE THIS AS AN EXCUSE.
thats Wat I want a rock hotty but not a sex freak
I would invest any time you have in learning about attraction......sssss Hope this helps....
Seeing each other is not dating . It can be that you are just friends.
Then let me give you a little advice on how to get her to go out with you
Read his book - UltraMarathon Runner
Can all girls help me out with this>
just tell him to back off.
because if she likes him , there might be problems in your relationship.
Good god, leave the skimpy underwear to the girls!
They know the laws here too, I think if they marry for 2yrs.
cocky guys or guys with the playboy mentality are BIG turn offs.
If you already done the best you could?
because if she likes him , there might be problems in your relationship.
Good god, leave the skimpy underwear to the girls!
They know the laws here too, I think if they marry for 2yrs.
cocky guys or guys with the playboy mentality are BIG turn offs.
If you already done the best you could?
Also, in the top ten is: I'm a lesbian, but I'll make an exception for you...
depends on the age honey....really, no timje is the best time...
show her that you like her by asking her out to the movies and going places with her.
and a ring cannot influence that.
if you like her enough to risk that friendship , just be honest with her.
The rest look at men for sex.
and it either to feel sexy or to not having a panty line
I hope I am a big help b/c . I have a 13 - year - old guy friend, too!
*looks in the mirror* There she is!!!!
you should never speak to him again
Before she slaps you and thinks you are a complete perv and the world goes to hell... :)
I'd rather not have a slender girl.
Buy a ring, get down on one knee...women are allowed to propose too, you know!
Bummer... Really don't drag that cross around ....
6 at school...once after and once on the phone...i think 'm winning (in the non-married catagory)
you feel you love him , but he makes it hard for you not to like him!
you to try to think about all the bad things he's done.
My wife has no idea that I do this.
Good Luck to both of you.
Gotta have trust in a marriage.
know what your lover wants most and get it if you can affort it.
tell them to mind their own business.
I like this girl but I think she does like me . What do I do?
If he is worth marrying he will wait and you should wait.
You can also try Yahoo!
I wonder how would *you* help her out?
If it CAN happen, it WILL happen . :) Cheers!
But don't act like this didn't happen.
well, I am a 30 year old guy.
tell him your true feelings and you might be suprised.
fool me twice , shame on me.
Well I just want to try and get him to like me.
i like the blonde, but I love the dark red.
All the while watching her go through guy after guy.
So when I don't get enough, I go looking for a boy to give it to me!
Rule 2: If she's wrong, reread rule 1 :)
and what purpose does it serve other than fulfilling two confused people 's lust for one another!
Life is complicated and it is just the way it is.
That joke about the baby was funny.
If not, break up with your girlfriend and do what you want.
What do girls want from a guy?
guys play games , only girls do
if you would have asked us earlier, you could have got a YES long back!
he used to be really sweet and do things for me.
Good luck with your shopping :)
Adam... and ask him... Why have you made this stupid mistake... :P
Yes they do like to be held and cuddled a
if you know you guys got something and you trust her , then ask her about it.
he says he loves me and wants to marry me, but had his photo on match.com
I to get rid of her ASAP.
Adam... and ask him... Why have you made this stupid mistake... :P
Yes they do like to be held and cuddled a
if you know you guys got something and you trust her , then ask her about it.
he says he loves me and wants to marry me, but had his photo on match.com
I to get rid of her ASAP.
If it does not smell right, run!
Mistake #1 - cheating on him.
simply tell him you don't like him and if that doesn't work , find a new guy
you need to work on your English... spelling and grammar.
What the heck does 13 old guy's want?
Girls like guys that act like jerks.
i want to get to know her , but what should I say?
it might be infactuation, not love .
What does it mean when a girl says that she likes 'Boys!'
Yeah porno stores , most nimphs advertise what they want . hope ya size up.
its like two for the price of one.
it's perfectly fine, there's someone out there for you.
I go for the beautiful face...
AND If you do TELL HIM, YOU'LL NEVER KNOW IF HE WAS THE ONE.
Seriously though, its gotta be quick.
GOOD LUCK AND LET ME KNOW Eliza
So it will take the both of you... Bless you both and best of all to you
and for his granny to tell her to mind her own business!
So guys growing up with a dad and not showing them about chivalry.
'I'm going to go hang out with the boys.')
You don't want herpes, I'm pretty sure of that.
having saying that, I might not be so cavalier about it if I were a woman.
do your duties in a perfect way . The rest will come to you, Ok take care ,bye.....
I also like playing games with her too.)
AN UGLY GIRL IS UGLY PERIOD.BUT A BEAUTIFUL GIRL,WITH EXTRA BAGGAGE , CAN lose WEIGHT.
!and How will I start with her?
Not relatives, someone whom you want o pick their brain and ask what questions you desire.
Surfing P O R N, or mas tur bating, is a great way to relieve sexual stress.
That might make it more useful for us who don't want to read through the kids ' stuff!
This guy I met called me and I called him back but he didn't answer.
in her purse, is the credit card
**** is a natural phenomenon and it is a myth that **** is bad.
foooooooooooooorget them . u'll find them follow .
2. for no one to be richer , then the next guy 3. to end all wars
PS Divorce makes money worse.
a gift card , nothing personal
Gee Maybe he thinks passing notes is stupid?
Just put a situation like this... Would it bother you if your partner was doing what you are doing?
If hes a cheater... hes a cheater!
well if she is really hot then the answer is never....... ;) only gay guys will get annoyed.... ;)
have peace with this if not anything else.
He always want sex ammm, you know, Help Me .
to worry about it . Just call me
:-) Relationships are like babies, they need a lot of care.
Bang her mom, sister and best-friend.
Have you ever been a victim of a bad/funny/or ridiculous pick up line?
Pull out a gun , point it at him and laugh.
if I tell you... it wouldn't be secret.
not me not him ended up..both mad... any suggestions on how to get happy again?
if your not happy break up.
Most of them will have their own chat there that they use.
Tell him nicely to back the hell up.
She just can't find a single solitary guy over there that likes her?
If she considers it to be cheating, then it is cheating.
WELL I DONT AGREE WITH ANYONE HERE!!!!!!!!!
Or maybe she's just a sl*t.
and do go Dutch but you can say lets go see a movie . Ill get tickets you get popcorn.
Um...wow,lmao.I guess they like to be around them,I really have no idea...wow.You've you that?
The same reason women cheat on men.
ANY WAY, ANYBODY THAT PLANS TO MARRY SHOULD CONSIDER WHAT they are GETTING INTO.
unless you want an open sexuall relationship with her, get out now.
He sounds a little fruity to me....
he's heart broken, she says she's not ready for a relationship . That all
DIRTY WOMEN are as likely to cheat as DOGGISH MEN... Men just get caught more.
but my friends don't want me to because they are scared that he will come kill them or something.
do EVEN PAY THEM ANY ATTENTION AND it BE YOU.
Tell her to F**k off just kidding.
By all means , ask him straight up if he is gay or bisexual.
Anyone with self dignity would not go back to a person who's like that.
Just like anything else in life.
Do things you wouldn't do before.
the sirens only go off once every 2-3 years.
Anyway that sounds hot, I wouldn't drop her, but I don't know if I'd marry her.
Have you tried kissing her
if the guy has a wife?
If not, then you just like him as a friend.
It's just what I'm attracted to.
for example , there is a woman that works in the same place,i am new there!
But Wit my baby is more of a mental thing!
so good luck on whatever your decision may be.
Now, get out there and meet some women who are area ladies and ain't slut_s!
if she cheated on him , then she could just as easily cheat on him
Flowers are not cheap...depending on what kind you get.
As for best friend... all my best friends are men and so am I and I'm straight (I think).
give her something about herself and she can brag to her friends about
i did it to get closer to them, not for the sex or anything like that
how you gonna start a fight and get beat down.....LOL.
Why would want to kill them is like a murderer
you need humor in your life to keep the relationship going.
i think your negative attitude is spoining your time.
Ask yourself this, Is she worth waiting for?
trust yourself and be the king in your sight
but even a little check like that would be worth $15.
It Might be a little hard to find...but CHECK IT OUT!
Just keep doing what you doing.
this is how you avoid being a creepy gym guy.
if it bothers you much more, report it to people with more authority
i would want to be friends, so no
reinforce that she is always right, no matter what the circumstance.sssss
the Airport is a very public place with lots of security around.
BUT IF HE STARTS THIS QUOTE God COMPLEX AGAIN,DROP HIM AND CONTINUE ON.
1 to 3 times a day.
I stopped that by telling her if she did like it , stay your ass at home.
How long does a quickie run?
I THOUGH THEY LOVE YOU A LONG TIME??
I let him go, it got kind of boring.
well you have already posted your question and then ask us.
you just have to see how he acts . I am one off , Then
(but make sure they feel the same way- otherwise you'll be kinda stalking them =))
hE COMES TO SEE ME VERY WEEKEND B/C WE ARE STILL YOUNG.
I let him go, it got kind of boring.
well you have already posted your question and then ask us.
you just have to see how he acts . I am one off , Then
(but make sure they feel the same way- otherwise you'll be kinda stalking them =))
hE COMES TO SEE ME VERY WEEKEND B/C WE ARE STILL YOUNG.
But let's be honest, does size matter?......
Whatever you do . Do not cheat on him to get back at him.
Better start saving these gals from
Just be yourself, and have fun!
YEAH , BUT IF SHE is A TEASE , WELL DNT WHO WANTS TO DEAL WITH A TEASE
wow that is a good anticipation.
short or not anywhere else... it's my personal taste...
TRY THE PHONE,AND do CALL FROM HOME OR WORK.GO SOMEWHERE HE WILL NOT FIND you .
No matter how you tell him , he is gonna be hurt if he really loves you as you said.
If not think as its over and get over with your life.
Not really a great option, eh?
ca seem to get over this.
i don't think your boyfriend would like another man touching you.
If It smells good . It's go!
He just might not be packaged the way YOU think!
when it's totally bullcrap and the girl is totally innocent , would you believe him.
What would a woman do that would make you think forever?
something like, Will you go out with me?
I don't know but I read it
if the boys cheat, then they are losers.
do LET HER HURT YOU LIKE THAT
it potentialy could happen...and it sounds fun!
I never got to tell him exactly how I felt.
Guess, I know how you feel.
You could just approach her, tell her you've seen her here almost as often as you (!!!)
be yourself...be nice and kind...treat her like you want to be treated...it's easy once you get the hang of it....
(He might pick it up in a single ring!)
u have something to lose both ways.
because you didn't face true love till now
all she cares about is spending time with you.
Never let em see ya sweat, at least this young.
you got issues......go with a doctor, a psychiatrist!
like I don't like to have a fat bf or a husband
match.com and if your Jewish jdate.com
Women ( not men ) are the driving force in pressuring men to marry much less buy overpriced rings.
(get a divorce/leave him first) Mistake #2 - call him stupid.
teenagers using the internet for homework , plus it's winter break . You know for Christmas.
What about the races ?
they were boys (of course) lol
It looks like he is foaming at the mouth,(yuck) but I love him!
!or have a detective organized , you could be a detective tooo.
by the rate people answer your question, seems like all of us have read it.
Then tell him you are not going to shoot him , just break up with him.
I guess this just isn't the place for that.
if she still goes all over him , just let her know the peice of crap she is.
but she will not want to fall in love with them.
I even feel like I sort of know you now
Don't get into a serious relationship and just have fun.
he's a 13 year old guy . What am I supposed to get him????
do go back . Just go back cuz you love him!!
don't go out of your way looking for something or constantly hound him about it.
WELL,FIRST FIND OUT WHY HER FIRST marriage did WORK.WAS IT HER FAULT OR HIS.IF IT WAS HER FAULT!
I have one thing 2 say, and one thing only.....HOMEWRECKER!!!!!!!
no you should not give up on a woman!
tupac_lover_00@yahoo.com I am a girl and 'm single and looking e-mail me
of course , hes cheating on you...are you on crack?
oh yeah btw we are both 12.
He's an old man , but he is only 20.
But if it is a part - time job you don't care about, then why not?
And my buddy didn't kick my ass either because he was dating my sister.
stop focusing on looks and quit looking altogether.
tell him that and you will own him.
SNAP OUT OF IT join the rest of the world.
It was just what you envisioned.
FIRST TRY TO BREAK UP WITH HIM BUT NOT IN PERSON.
thats because most of them are pigs
people getting married is because they love each other very much.
if you are lonely , then you have friends that you can have fun with.
Then both of you can move on.
considering there is only 49hrs left, most likely not.
where it can't really be anything more than jsut friends rofl
Of course, it does take two...
If he's not willing to try it , then it's pretty much over...Sorry
Become rich, good - looking, or famous.
if you two are really meant to be, you will end up marrying him.
She looks like an awesome person to go out with, How do you ask her out?
Us women really do want to get to know you good,shy guys :o)
to stop relationships that happened before marriage
sweetheart, you aren't trying to date the right girls, or should I say women.
Give him a chance to be good.
He might marry , depending on the kind of love he has 4 .
Sunday jan. 15 at 7c is the premiere . If you are talking about 24 , the show on fox
Each time I cried like a baby!
Yes...Your family should be happy for you that you found your love.
Flirt, flirt and more flirt all while making them laugh.
The Worst I ever heard was ....Hi, wanna f*** ?
think of the best thing that has happened, is happening and will happen.
there's 5 in mine my husband, my 3 kids and me
does she dyes her hair often if she does , you might have a problem.
What is wrong with you boy?
Several Tips for getting a girlfriend: 1.
The No The way girls were is his respect for you.
true friends wo leave you out there like that !
How do I post questions on Yahoo!
I killed my cousin because he refused to smile ;)
no It is actually not .it depends
But just trust your heart and what it says.
or they think that by telling you that it will turn you on.
try to ask him in an indirect way , then trust yourself by doing the first step .
Talk,get to know him and finally ask him on a date!!
You seem like a sweet guy who only wants happiness.
Not if you were a smart cheater!
My boyfriend never gets me anything.
and you do want that now , do you
Keep it all the way real!
take your bucket of worms and just go fish in another pond.
Some because they have issues with men , I am assuming.
that is just wrong , plus she is old .
well technically , you have not penetrated , so no.
Tell him , You are now a lesbian.
if you want to act sexy around him.
and if he says NO, kick him in the crotch anyways.
I ALWAYS KNEW THAT SOME women ARE SMARTER THAN MEN!
You are just being surrounded by a lot of jerks!
You better keep your eyes open or Joe next store might steel your man...
If a girl fancies a guy , she rubs or touches her neck frequently.
I could go on and on.
if you ponder this question more then twice in your life , you are probably gay
Tell them you want to have sex with one another, then you do not cheat your true
I get dumped by guys that won't do anything for a woman.
Maybe because you have found the right guy to respect you .
I'm still in love with my ex even though she's a dirty biatch......
buy a car and go where the wind takes you.
Explain exactly what you want and what is going on.
It *also very easy to get drunk*
You just keep silent like you know she is alive
just don't replace cologne with soap
I do think you should be worried.
Man Are you gonna be sick.
and It won't cost you a dime.
I already messed up (bawled at a dance), and my mind was already screwed up for two weeks.
you get to watch two fully naked women having sex instead of one which is always good.
I have the same problem , so if you get a good answer , let me know uzedkarz2002@yahoo.com.
is he old and yer young?
Hope Everything works out great for you!
i wouldn't try to find the right woman (guy in my case) because it'll just happen when it happens
It's just one of the things you know...
and if it is going to be a problem , then just talk to him
then pray to your favorite deity.
it's tough... but you have to find it in yourself to go on.
LOVE LEADS TO SEX .... sex without love is like having sex with an animal !
the key is to show that you are different!
LOVE YOURSELF AND do LET ANY MAN PUT you DOWN Eliza
It is a cool thing to do!
going up and start talking to her
1st, that you both know, 2nd, she MAY know, and then third question you know she doesnt know.
If you really care about her, you will want her to be happy.
He should not cheat on you and he should not care about your weight at all.
and thought you should just introduce yourself!
just tell your family to give her a chance to love her . That is all that matters right
and he can't just kick you out anyway?
I don't think he is totally straight if he enjoys watching stuff like that.
pray about it and you will get your answer,watch
;-) Anyway, lower back pain is a terrible thing.
ask her if she says no , try to move on
I had recurring dreams of my ex for almost a week
I've known love from friends, guys, my moms,n family.
then , when you feel the time is right , ask her out
Then one day the guy turns everything around and says he loves me?
I waited until I was thirty, and guess what?
Make fun if she says no, and I like you could end up saying yes.
and when they ask you if they are ugly so no, tell them they are beautiful or something lol.
There's like 20 million women right here!
Hi, I agree....there's sure a lot of youth on this thing!
That means that you are on his mind all the time.
yet Every once in a awhile , I will get a crush on another guy.usually someone around a lot
so try to do the second thing first, then if you can't do that first thing.
every day with her (almost all the time) and be happy or smiling.
Love IS REALLY ALL THAT MATTERS.
Just tell, her that you wanna take her just as friends and no pun intended.
Ask your wife to get on a webcam.
Hope you're in that same boat.
Becareful about who you fall in love with!
do you love this person deeply?
But they DO things that say 'I fancy you'.
try to get him/her out of your head.
I pray things work out for you . It sounds like you are going to need it.
But Hun I hate to tell you when they get a drunk prob.
Pray To God Shell Take You MY Fukin Gurl DUMPED ME SO GOOD LUCK .
ehehehe it's not weird at all.
And in time , I became the popular guy that people wanted to be around and be friends with.
Old but this is a golden saying!
he probably isn't cheating on you.
gay clubs or churches but not both at the same time :)
Tell her She looks nice and that you love her.
Yes, but not freaked out... okay, maybe a little.
Al Pacino did Why can't you.
I am 21 and I have only had sex with 2 people!
but seriously , I do know what I would prefer .
Hey That is how I feel.
then just tell him you do like him.
you can not have your cake and eat it too.
Shall I call her back ?
they should just cuddle in front of a movie or fireplace, Relax it works for me .
My friend 's boyfriend was really annoying and controling.
i like this girl and I 've never talked to her before.
you can not have your cake and eat it too.
Shall I call her back ?
they should just cuddle in front of a movie or fireplace, Relax it works for me .
My friend 's boyfriend was really annoying and controling.
i like this girl and I 've never talked to her before.
When he sees nothing bad with what you do
Most men have to flirt with...LOL
firstly I can say girlfriend is not on the road.
Whatever his reason(s) know that it is just that .... HIS REASON.
I never heard from him again until Christmas Day , Nearly 2 years later . I learned that he had died.
When we guys say we like you , it means that u r one of the 10 girls we like.
otherwise y would b want to be alive, if we're alone?
Your reward will come, just hang in there...
First off , He is your EX.
You could play the What if?
We DO create a lot of our own problems that way:)
You definitely do not hide it for the rest of your life!!
Because of this , SHE WILL CHEAT ON YOU!
u said her hair had different colors , so it shows it happened different times.
1st Does he want to be your boyfriend ?
i think it over and it gives me an idea for my relationship.thanx!
do you really want to start it with that kiss?
I DON'T THINK I LOOK 2 BAD, I RESPECT AND TREAT LADIES VERY well .
sense , anyone that does break up in a bad way should be able to still be friends.
i am due in two weeks . Is that good enough?
They always have the best quality, best prices, & if I'm not happy - they fix it!
I don't know if he has a girlfriend or what.
and leaves plenty of opportunities to get close to one another, and talk!
Well , there you go , Clash said everything I was going to say . lol
Does YOUR HEAT SKIP A BEAT WHEN YOU SEE THIS PERSON?
The staff that cheat are secretly gay
If not , then you should ask him if he likes the company you keep..
Find someone who really cares for you - someone is out there!
no never, Maybe the fault is with you and your partner is enjoying being with your neighbour
DenverCO. Hun if you are into chiks who are really hot .
i'm 20 and my boyfriend is 29, so beat that!!!
he needed to forget his friends and lead his own life if not forget him in peace .
thats pretty much impossible, Id personally want a really overly sweet boy ;)
you answer my Q: What do you expect from a boy when she gets married?
you can't make someone like you just because... you want to.
I never really have, although truth be told , I always really wanted one!
but I prefer older or the same age as me.
She's an I-MaC and your A PC ...get my drift
2) Get out and meet some girls.
It wouldn't hurt to dress nice and fix your hair!!
OR you could let him drink a love potion...hehehe
the pep rally at high school 15 years later . We are still together .
We sow our oats, we live the vida loca and then we realize, Wow!
is It is difficult , but I know she is the one . If someone can help , I would be most grateful thanks
i know that because I did to be 4 and it didnt work out
Yeah I did aweek and a half ago .
To ask him if he can stay home for one day to talk about the issue .
I I'm a SERIOUS African Arabic MAN . I WISH TO GET SERIOUS WOMEN TO marry
because guys like boobs and the internet is the easiest place to find them.
That depends on how old you are and where you want him to kiss you ?
And, of course, it always helps to have someone nice to start dating :)
no just cause he is good to your son does not mean he is good for you and for you
If you are not, you are just using him.
Personally I wouldn't worry about it.
Perhaps because many do not believe that they can.
I I I would not trade this man for anything . I AM the luckiest woman on earth...
classmates.com helped me find a few
if you do send it , that is fine , but putting things down allows you to think it through first.
there is something they don't get at home.
You do Just get her to give it time Dog.
it does not matter if two guys or gurls care about each. other
But if he just replied because he's a polite man then it is OK, do think too much.
introducing him to another girl, preferably one that 'likes' him, and then encourage their relationship to bloom.
if I was you I wouldn't do it.
Either He loves you or he doesn't.
Especially if you do want to have sex.
it IT it ALL DEPENDS ON HOW YOU FEEL WHEN IT'S ALL OVER
Get his s/n....and send him messages every once in a while.
don't be cheap at first sight.....
Or what are you doing now that you were not doing then.
DO YOU GET BUTTERFLIES IN YOUR STOMACH every PERSON CALLS?
it season , You love him already , so tell him according to your heart 's voice.
maybe your personality is off beat.
You have not said whether you are M or F.
not according to the bible; otherwise I do know
See how it helps to give...?
It depends on what is there and what your dateing history is.
If a certain subject always ends up w/ closer physically , they're playing you for a fool.
Shes the type of girl who is not good or doesn't even express how she feels.
I means the list goes on and on.
I don't know but tell me when you find out
i thought he was looking for someone.
NOT AS LONG AS you 're HAPPY AND YOU ARE DOING/GETING WHAT YOU WANT:)
But things that obviously bother her, I've stopped doing, and now she rarely gets jealous.
I tried it once but he immediately knew that it was me :)
I asked a guy out and he said we would...sometime.
Is it just a want or is it really a NEED?
He does so much stuff 4 me.
if your husband or wife is cheating or hurting , you are you supposed to just talk with them?
I will tell you this though,..
e)It was like my body exploded!
any chat pro has such rooms .
Women don't pay , but men gladly do (enough to make it economically worthwhile at least)..
I want to smile and enjoy every minute..even during sad times...we'll keep our 'wits.'
I just want to know what you guys think of this.
GUYS: Would you consider buying your girl a ring with her birthstone or opting for a traditional diamond?
But I confess that the whole blog thing baffles me...
(i really hate smoking -- of any sort, and drinking)
if you do want to marry the guy , let him go , and play with him.
the Guys are the the only ones that cheat.but people cheat because they are not happy.
girls get serious about it as long as they know you are serious.
i asking myself the same shit
Find some friends to hang out with and get her off your mind.
Nothing fancy ..Eat with your fingers kind of food...it's more fun
First of all , Why do you call yourself Darkangle?
is There is a problem with me.
front row at a concert (love Gun by kiss has a different meaning for me )
Why do men do this , you ask?
You love him and he loves you.
Yes 2 years is no big deal
Angel Honey give his ass the boots
BUT AGAIN I SAY DO NOT WAIT FOR married
so nod and say ur right honey . I never thought of it like that.
she call you back when you call her (5).
But I want nice guys , not complete jerks.
Even the perfect man, is not so perfect.
the It depends on whether you choosin' the good guys or the player type.
The Best said in the movie , Old School Love is a mother fucker
She won't dare want to be with another if it is!
not all women think like this, just your woman.
no I won't, but somebody will...
someone I could look at forever...
And she should love you for that.
Bring it up like in bed during pillow time with each other .
He would make us all look really bad ;)
I stopped that quickly but he told me not to worry and he stopped telling her he loved her.
No because your parents care about you and don't want anything bad to happen to you
really, for better or worse was your vow.
He says I have bussnies trips everywhere lately.
Why DO YOU NEED A MAN TO SPOIL YOU?
If he does, give it a try...go for it!!!
it's just asking to get hurt!!
does he tell other people when they are not around?
ummm...what time of year is it?...do think he is SHOPPING???
i really like this guy, but I am trying to get over it and be a friend.
if he wants to do all that it without asking
it is a Nature free gift to all kind.sssss
she share her lunch (food) with you (9).
yup absoloutely ok as long as ya look carefully .
But The truth is: I WANT ONE!!!
His excuse was that she was like his sister.
If you are a guy: You are setting yourself up for failure.
as long as they are over 18.
guys don't like drama, and stuff like that.
the kid that they are all ready to have.
I LOVE HIM FOR JUST BEING HIMSELF.
and is it possible that he really loves me?
theyn will always defend you no matter what.
Good luck and congrats on the 2 years
My boyfriend did stuff like that all the time.
If We guys could have MULTIPLE!
did I mention that he's hot?
i have the same problem with my mom right now , but we are getting there.
Marriage is for life my friend!
YES, IT DOES IF IT A GUY LIKE ME WITH A THICK 10INCH PENIS!!!
problems related to love or relationship...
introducing bride and groom, cake cutting, dinner time, dances, etc.
i have the same problem with my mom right now , but we are getting there.
Marriage is for life my friend!
YES, IT DOES IF IT A GUY LIKE ME WITH A THICK 10INCH PENIS!!!
stay offline for goodness sake, if you think like that.
I ca seem to just have a boyfriend . I right away fall in love and scare them away
I DON'T WANT TO LOSE THE BEST FRIEND I EVER HAD!
is to let them get it out, while you JUST LISTEN.
this is because LOVE IS BLIND.
No, this is NOT a joke!
a couple of tattoos are OK. Certain peircings are hot.
I don't ever wish he would buy me flowers.
stop trying to get a date online & get off the computer!
Take out the trash, pick up your underwear, and say I LOVE YOU at least twice per day.
with a cucumber..and A shaving cream can
handing her an American express card
I think is to cut off the shit of getting hurt!
one with a hot body and a hot personality.
JUST check HIM OUT..LIKE TRY TO HAVE HIS SCHEDULE.
Thats gettin kinda thin ice right there, with the touching.
He will probably go back there.
just be nice to him when you are telling him off.
Someone who is smart and funny.
It's just going to make them mad.
You CAN'T get a guy to like you, you don't have to.
Just hang out with them.
If you banged her mom or sister, you're not getting her back.
i don't know about girls in general, but I know I do.
So either way, you shouldn't worry about it.
Because your boyfriend won't let you have one.
its you he should think is sexy.
TRY TO DO THINGS THAT WILL TAKE your MIND OFF HIM.
it isn't just your perfection you have to cope with, its everybody else
But it's the normal looking people you should worry about.
seems kinda like a dumb question... if she didn't like you , why would she let you kiss her?
Can't live your life to please others.
I really like the guy, I would do anything for him just to be happy.
Because if girls don't feel an emotional connection with their lover, IT AINT HAPPENIN-- at all.
So you want one and don't want one?
IF HE WANT TO KEEP IT QUIET, IF SO NO HIS A-- IS UP TO NO GOOD.
i only have one friend that is a girl , and people tell me that is not normal.
Any way , if you truly love him , you should trust him no matter what.
if they do and be honest with you , you wo be able to take it
I beleive in Lust at first sight , but love???
the It actually depends on the girl.
you should always be who you are.
if you are not comfortable with that , then joke around(example) say would that be weird if we went out?
its like working out how you get stronger?
life is a mix of good and bad, but it's not always 50/50.
Turn on BC GRANT RD - go 1.0 mi 11.
Then tell her that just because you are apart that you can't be friends.
And NEVER do anything you feel comfortable with.
yes.Try to bring a girl to orgasm.She wo leave you
Then, it's up to the guy to if he wants to.
If you have to ask...he doesn't..!
cuz maybe you're a good kisser and you don't know it.
Anywhere the 2 of you want to.
if so , he probably feels obligated.
How can I break up with him like that and he just spent $108 on my b-day gift?
get married.... no wait, then you'll never get laid!
If you're not married , Break it off.
My thinking is that if you wonder if you are in love, you are not.
'll go to the first one!
spend more time with your wife.
love may be considered as the first step to having sex ...but there is also pure love without sex
Don't do it no matter what she says!
No you stab at what you can get close to , Then you move in !!!
If Life puts you down 7 times , get up 8 times!
GOOD GIRLS WHO WANNA TRY SOMETHING NEW, LIKE LIVE ON THE WILD SIDE, GO FOR SO - CALLED BAD BOYS!
Yes this is normal..even some girls look at sexy girls too (but not all)
just on days that end in Y
And wants a family with me.
DO GET ANXIOUS WHEN YOU DON'T SEE THIS PERSON EVEN IF IT'S JUST FOR A DAY?
THAT'S NOT A GOOD IDEA ON ANY DAY!
Sure he'd find it weird , but that doesn't mean it wouldn't have a positive outcome.
What type of party did you throw and does he like parties?
i think she is tellin you to smack that ass
Every guy has a different fedish, some like ginger , some like married and
he probably feels like he needs some space, and asking him where he is going may make it worse.
you`ll only get hurt in the end.
Up to you , but if I had to do over , I wouldn't.
I take it that you are trying to see if he would cheat on you..
I JUST DON'T THINK THERE is HOPE.....
Maybe Phone-Sex with each other !!
For Example: If you were a shy male,it would be hard for you to ask someone out.
Let her to know just how much she really means to you.
My family was cool with it, but I know there are some families that are not.
Yes I HAVE AND IT WAS WORTH IT . I FOUND A NEW PERSON THAT LOVES ME MORE .
Whatever you do, do your best!
but other wise I agree with you completely.
try one with a special room or the empty side or outside.
I'm not being gross, do you see what I mean?
If it's warm enough , find a lake that rents paddleboats (they're like 5 bucks an hour) and paddle around.
Report Abuse . Why do I want him back so bad?
Next time , get out there and have fun again...mingle discover new things...most important , don't pretend and definitely laugh.
IF HE LOVES YOU , THEN HE WILL WAIT FOR YOU!
that he is really not ready for you, and don't get hung up on him.
Since she now has lost her vagina and has a penis, you'd have to look elsewhere.
break up with your partner if it is your bf or just forget about it and go on
i already gave him a nice card for xmas.
Just think of a man that does all this and you're still not happy?
Love the LORD Jesus Christ First .... then HE will give you the best!
going somewhere that has a pool table!
You've never even seen a picture of her???
I just checked and they have versions of the song by
health or sickness, rich or poor, better or worse.
You know the old saying goes that boys only want one thing , so just wait.
If he's a nice guy , then maybe things will work out this time!
no, it's not bad at all.
hello mate , it is the same problem as mine!!
only you can answer that question , but it is not legal in some places
he says it bothers him too that guys leave me comments.
Well, I'm a young teen and I definitely like girls that speak their mind.
no, it's not bad at all.
hello mate , it is the same problem as mine!!
only you can answer that question , but it is not legal in some places
he says it bothers him too that guys leave me comments.
Well, I'm a young teen and I definitely like girls that speak their mind.
Being 'In Love' with someone else
What if they wanted to wait for marriage?
My mom always said, Actions speak louder than words.
If you have to ask if it is LOVE , then you don't have it, yet.
My girlfriend used to get jealous fairly often...
No if you do want the kid to use a condem
maybe you need to answer that question.
Say something creative like Hi, I am Joe Blow, how are you??
picture yourself by telling someone that you love them.
But, REMEMBER, her ex was NOT a good man either...he cheated on her.
ask him if he likes guys
to me If a guy is shy , a note showing intrist would be a good way to start.
My boyfriend does a lot of things that I don't approve of.
then tell them they let you know.
if she thinks the guy is mature , then she will admit she likes him.
I like one guy, I never talk to him.
all guys think about sex all the time.
this is why the devorce is so high.
Hey, Do you want to be my boyfriend?
Love is always free ......... and what is not free cannot be love(true love).
I like one guy, I never talk to him.
all guys think about sex all the time.
this is why the devorce is so high.
Hey, Do you want to be my boyfriend?
Love is always free ......... and what is not free cannot be love(true love).
was he like this before you married him?
Heck What will you do in your free time...LOL
Depends on the weather and where you live...
well when someone loves you , they look for you.
If you meet a guy and have been hanging out for over a month.
please send any help info that is available.
so if she also loves you
Whatever you do, don't let her go.
Where can you get the wedding of your dreams donated, in whole or pieces without the media stuff?
if you are in love, your life's going to be hell!
You making a promise, doesn't that mean anything???
well you should talk to that best friend.
and its not this dick with legs.
Would you love that person any less if that happened?
i dont won't to be nosisy.
But oh it was so much fun getting there, lol.
when you talk about other girls . She gets mad (6).
i dont won't to be nosisy.
But oh it was so much fun getting there, lol.
My room, so I can watch.
when you talk about other girls . She gets mad (6).
because it is a big deal to you.
then , Once you guys have started talking about the topic , ask her if you would ever have a chance.
cause they love to have sex with someone new
It cuts both ways, I think.
When you don't like something , do you say that it is gay?
Go out with someone else without telling anyone.
(short answer... ask him what he likes!)
I know my bf cares about me.
I know it is good ol' USA.
you guys flirting together(example tickling, playing , fighting, chasing each other (7).
when your ugly what you have to lose.
Whey people don't like African girls?
You gotta feel about the situation though.
Man I totally sympathize with you.
Guys don't play games like you women.
but He's married, with three kids.
its hard , but that will make you slip up and he will know.
im a woman and I don't get it either
is it good to remain a virgin for a boy till marriage?
tell him that two can just be friends and maybe something will happen later
that should take all the stress off of you.
Best place to find a Date ........College Best place to take someone on a Date is definitely not a club!!!
Just check the size of his balls honey....flat out say they looking smaller and watch his responce baby!
but just have a sense of style and hygene and you'll attract a guy
You just need to ask her frequently about what she feels for you !
easily Just tell them or show dem how much you love them .
if he loves you , he is gonna change his stupid crap.
At least that is what I find and I'm sure an average guy.
somehow I agree with them , because nature gives her the role of feeding and protcting !
IF you WILL NOT DO IT , SOMEONE SHOULD.
going to Google and typing on an ecard , then you can take it from there.
So how can I show her I care about her feelings?
Men do not like a weak woman.
Maybe you just have too many trixies in your life.
I know plenty of guys who don't like skinny women, I think it 's just personal taste.
they can but it's not likely.
Don't think of it as spying....
He was what I breathed and thought about 24/7.
if you want a life partner there it matter.
spends less time with you always have an excuse to do everything
on top of a 100 ft crane in a gravel pit during a storm... YAHOOOOOOOO
Then if they say maybe or yes , ask her to do something.
Does anyone know how I can talk to my friend to stop stalking people he falls in love with ??
Obviously, If you're cheating on him, then you don't truly love him.
But I gotta admit it does seem stupid as I look back.
Someone who is not bitchy or conceited.
Go out to a club and ask some girls.
She could have a great mind , but if she looks like a monkey , then it just won't work out.
helllll naw....does he has a brother?
if you want a partner to eat panipuri , then it will not.
i know it's corny but it's romantic.
Now you know what he's *really* like.
sex) He knows exactly what to say to get what he wants.
I Hopefully I help you a little.
you taking your wife for a reason , right?
Ask him if he wants to be your boyfriend.
!no, I don't think its cuz ur a libra, cuz, I'm a sagitarious and I do have a prob.s
I mean it will be her ring , so she should like it.
if he really likes it , he'll understand what you want to do.
But never push and worry and distress.
I do care if they are popular.
(that may not be the best choice though)
no, you'd have been a prick had you said yes!!!
If it floats your boat go ahead.
opening doors is sweet but that ca run low.
You don't need friends to get yourself a girl.
because you are getting old and they want you to be happy.
Girl, I've been there done that!
Surprise him once he comes home and takes a wiff...
it means he is a real jerk
(Butterflies in the stomach... know what I mean?)
wELL IF YOU ASK MY TRUE THOUGHTS nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnoOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
if you do , you wo be together forever for sure.
IT DEPENDS IT WOULD HAVE TO BE A MATTER OF LIFE AND DEATH .
If you get some too (it doesn't mean you're crazy) you will understand why she is like she is.
When you tell her you love her and you know without a doubt she loves you back!
Yeah, keep your mouth shut and leave this situation.
I say wait till you are in your 30's.
YOU GO TO HER.ITS really SIMPLE .
Jerk is only one of the items that make some men.
The One thing I've learned is don't force life.
yes it is a sin and it is illegal!
i`m not giving her any attention and she calms down herself
lol Just cuddle up behind her.
Guys looking for a girl that is not retarded and looks pretty good.
I LEAVE NOTES TO TELL HER , BUT SOMEONE WRITES BACK . I do THINK ITS HER.
Because they are just soooooo darn sexy!!!!!!!!!!!!
relax... lots of women have this problem.
ithink long hair makes guys look dirty and like girls
Unless you have a lot of money , then it might be 46.
Trust fund, yuppies, preppy girls all hang out uptown.
90% of women do not orgasm by penetration alone.
If your man is cheating on you , you need to kick him to the curb RIGHT NOW!
My boy . You asked a very good question!
#2 Do you enjoy the doormat position?
Did you ask her why she did that?
never fight a man who is not afraid to die, he has nothing to lose and everything to gain.
if he is not eating, he flirting.
suck it up by talking to her and asking her out.
would you mind if you were/are married to your husband to have coffee with a married woman?
Sorry that it didn't work out.
a boy in my school and I have his pic and #.
A lot of people call yahoo chat.
you should ask her if she does or doesn't like your last name and then take it from there!!
Ask your girlfriend because she obviously knows them best.
What, I'm trying to figure out is, is she playing with me or for real?
But I think it affects only if you want a LIFE PARTNER .
The only reason a person asked this question would be to try and get some their themselves
not very expensive and you get a lot of your money
don't believe anything you see in a movie.
Don't do it ... oh my God you will regret it.
Baby Girl: A first love is a tough one.
how would you like it if she slept with one of your friends, right?
OK, the last part may be overboard... :)
Is Is Is Is Is Am being stupid or what?
n am not crazy at all.
thats why they say better or worse, not better or nothing.
Turn on Manchester Expy - go 1.4 mi 4.
try talking to him on the phone when he aint around his friends or just ask him in person
Don't you have needs other than that.
Even thought they might not want a relationship; they figure they have a greater chance of getting some action
and going about your business like it was nothing.
i think you shouldn't, regardless of her age, Both of you will regret it later.
You were not a prick, you were a gentleman!
NEXT TIME HE GOES ON A BUSINESS TRIP GO
Flirt a little and ask her to go to the movies!
tell her you won't listen to her because she isn't treating you with respect.
yes, let him think he is macho.even if he isn't.
My friend told me he loves me , but I do know what to do .
maybe both her birthstone and yours!
I know that he does love me.
Most women don't want guys who are afraid of them, they want confident men.
You just said that he likes someone else.
i have said this already in many different but similar ?
the new man in my life is great too, I don't know what my heart tells me anymore.
Good luck in finding your soul mate :)
Usually there not mad at you , she may be depressed .
i don't know either; it's like saying I'm throwing up when it all goes down, not up
go to ebay...my friend's mom buys them on there all the time...you can get anything on ebay.
Yes I'll do it if I feel she needs it .... satisfy her often and she will enjoy it .
tell him to stop chatting online so much and start working out.
find someone who is willing :) then ask
do whatever comes from your heart
if you two have a strong enough relationship outside of dating that is
I think that he is seeing another girl, but he is HOT!!
But I don't despair that much.
I'm guessing that she's around 50?
Be Honest, smiling funny and gentleman ...
cherish true friends and love your boyfriend!
when she asks you to do something and you do it w/out complaining.
I only wish they were, then I would go after him like a cat in heat!
So it is not just the guys.
its mean the one who needs it ,ie getting bored by the relationship
If he finds out he has been with another guy, he'll leave your ass so fast your head will spin
not my husband..but maybe someone else
he was fair and honest and did lead you on.
Be jerk back, and don't like him anymore!!!
You do know what a Houdini is, don't you?
if may seem that you are using it to your benift.
Good Luck and go get em.
in family meeting , I see her and I like her from the first look
You just have to STOP...no one can do it for you.
Dude, there are plenty - PLENTY of other girls out there.
I have, on more than one occasion...and I'm a dude!
I don't have that specific kind of fetish, exactly...
Another guy would not happen, lol.
Should I try and talk with him again?
they say that sex for women means family , love , safety !
Do be afraid of embarassing yourself yourself
d)I felt my whole body shake uncontrollably!
cheating is a fact life . Most women who blame men for cheating are the women who cheat .
they want to fire down the sexual instinct
Admit all mistakes (even though you are not at fault).
Maybe she is not a girl?
please send any help info that is available.
its never too good for either one of these.
if someone else is happy , he will be happy.
Do whatever it takes to stay close emotionally!
she likes you , She seems kind and immature.
but now I do and he still likes me.... what do I do to not hurt him?
What the worst thing she could say?
as by exchanging phone numbers with her.
smile :) It is the 2nd best thing you can do with your lips.........1st being kissing, of course
Ever hear the saying women need a reason why guys just need a place?
!if he's looking at the net , he's not looking at you anymore . You should ask . Is that normal ?
IS THIS PERSON THE FIRST THING ON YOUR MIND WHEN YOU WAKE IN THE MORNING?
well I say you should still be friends but do stay with him for a long time .
If things were meant to be , they would fall into place.
it all depends on how turned on you are as to how wet you get
My mom chose a younger guy.
You shouldn't trust him if he's in a different area code.
But 'm not sure what I 'm doing wrong.
WE BUY EACH OTHER STUFF AND LEAVE IT THERE UNTIL WE FIND IT.
you can still be his friend.
my OK. 'm not sure what you are talking about , but my nick here is my email.
instead by agreeing you should be addicted
try showing some signs of liking/attention, maybe he'll go for you or<(of course) maybe he wont!
You don't really ever get over it.
there's lot more ways, but I gotta go.
umm its someone you can be in the same room for more than 10 min.
if so , then id bet yes.
I just knew, not like that child knew, but really knew..
Be shy, but speak your mind when you feel you should.
One of the most awesome guys I know has CP.
do you really want someone around you have to keep proving yourself to?
Well I do know what to tell , but there is a website below 4 u to try out
Nope, as long as you do it back.
you have to ask yourself if I deserve better than this.
tell them how you feel about them
Don't give him a reason not to.
Well as a woman , I would wonder what is wrong with a guy who didn't like sex.
Asian girls are like other girls.
no just kidding , just dont answer it if you don't need to
Maybe you will even get one 4 Christmas!
Maybe That is why they come here....
That way you last longer :P
I know someone who is looking for work...Thanks!
Course I wouldn't date him because he's like 30 years older than me, but yeah...
I mean look around outside . it's everywhere .
i really do like to babysit on my days off!
If there is no reason for you wanting to leave!
to love & to be loved is the greatest thing on this earth .
You could always put the plane tickets in a huge box and wrap them ;)
Just dress really hot & go dancing at a night club with just your girl-friends.
Maybe they are not looking for a wife.
When you find the one that you just can't live without, her looks aren't going to matter.
ofcourse they are human too . They are just the same sex.
If your guy is cheating on you and you know it , then break up with him.
If he says yes, you know.
because he does like you, He is gay .
Why do guys say they NEED sex?
Or think of it like this.
Don't try to be mean, be yourself.
have a 1st date at a cafe (lunch or coffee).
do you want to hang out sometime?
Just take your time because you have lots of it.
I just love a squirty lady!!
and if you love him so much , what are you doing out with his cousins?
BUT IT'S GOOD TO KNOW WHAT THE GIRLS LIKE:)
Ya I am interested in this question too.
the woman who is now my wife.
I don't really want a relationship.
do rush a kiss, the best 1s take time, trust me(bad experience).
Why can't your dad be friends with Jen?
personaly I do know what to say when my bf complements me.
trying to remember why you got married in the first place.
I haven't been able to see her cuz, she is in NY and I'm in TN.
BE NICE, CONCERNED AND KEEP YOUR MIND ON SCHOOL AND FRIENDS.
ha ha, guys don't always wanna have sex.
go ahead and have sex- but use a condom.
I like geeks...they make more money and try harder (in all areas)
or he's telling you this to get in your panties if he hasn't already done so.
i would not try to talk to him anymore, it sounds like he just wanted to have sex
But once you start living together , you tend to see your partner often , so gradually that LOVE declines
Try sitting her down, and try to talk about it with her*
Well If he is a friend , you should be able to just ask him.
trying to send her a love letter that expresses exactly how you feel about her?
How I KNOW about HER?
have you seen the movie A lot Like Love?
at a concert or any anywhere where you need a lot of money
it just sounds like you're entering a friend's stage man...you want that do you?
I I I think a restaurant would be great .
But, I never saw my cousin again!
Oh, and one more thing: don't ignore other guys while you're waiting for him to come around!
Ask him about it, If you think he is lying, give him an ultimatum.
i don't think so if you like her , then go out with her just with her dad's permission ,
Because mature women are good companion.
Why not, its not like there is a 30 year difference, then it wouldn't be very smart.
A VERY CARING PERSON, WILL HELP ANYONE IF I CAN, BUT DON'T HURT THE PEOPLE I LOVE.
if he truly loves you , He wo leave you
Just what should he say ?
I'll just put it in a simple example... MEN - 2 kinds of orgasms a) Off the chain!
put your kids first every time
if you like my advice . E-mail me at tech_boy001@yahoo.com
When you get married to them and you stay married until one or both of you dies.
Anyway... there are a lot of girls out there, and we are all looking for different stuff in a guy.
im going there something like this now.
And why not be attracted by that?
say that men like women 's breasts because when we started walking upright, it started to resemble the butt.
I know that there is nothing fair in Love and War ... but she is being ridiculous!!!
making friends with him/her and ask them out
Listen to Donald D.........HE SOUNDS LIKE HE KNOWS WHAT HE'S TALKING ABOUT!!!!!!!!!!
Soon you will find the right guy.
AND IT WILL KNOCK YOU OFF YOUR FEET.
AND THEN BE A GOOD LIS-NER...
He might think It be fun.
just hang out with him and if he is nice or is staring at what he likes .
If not , you just made her remember why she loved you in the first place.
it's not worth losing a best friend over.
My husband is working on a new jersey right now , but people say he is married?
You see...She tells me she loves me.
I think some how some guys are so weak and aimless
Hmmm....I don't usually recommend asking right out.
spill a smoothie on his shoes..
Maybe she's in love with it.
So there really isn't any clear - cut way of knowing.
she say very little just wondering why?
Love is love ... Live and let live.
i do know why , so it scares me.
even so , no good Men are always(almost) like that.
i would rather he had some meat on dem bones.
because you have to ask a question to get the answer!!
im in the same pickle . Tell me the answer .
if you or they have ever cheated on somebody , do bother.
find out if this guy still likes you or not and then hook up with me at jellybreadkeisahhly@yahoo
Thanks for the comment on my question Poohjo :D Love your enthusiasm also ;)
if she smiles and hangs out with you . You have only moved up.
If you truly love this person , you will wait forever.. how long she/he wants you too..
they always want to be with you.
if he really loves you , then loving you doesn't matter .
I think in most guys it is just a want.
No, b'cos that is what your heart desires
I fall in love with my husband again and again!
I even returned to the church begging god to give my wife back to me.
Why you happy for
pair of kids, so it 's all good .
On your wedding day you'll be so grateful you waited and say WOW!
Just say your right to everything she says
AND BREAK DOWN THE WALL AND MAKE HIM FEEL COMFORTABLE WITH BEING NEAR YOU ..
It like I addicted to it!!
Otherwise......life just isn't worth it...no matter how hard I work at it.
Second, just tell him you don't want to hang out with him.
oh you never should just agree a relationship, deep down you don't want it.
If we are crazy...so be it!!!
sorry but it is not your job.
I do and the more you speak your mind , the more guys (like me) go crazy
figure out if you are still in love with him, if they are not, try to get there again.
Holy crap... you've got to be kidding me.
i to dump him and find someone that really loves you
I 'm a girl , so maybe I know your answer.
but always keep your eyes open
Do you think he really loves me :)
im going out w/ my boyfriend (guy) and we bearly started.
Sure,but not be discouraged.It happens to everyone once in a while,just put it back in.
You don't want a man, you want a servant.
We argue a lot about stupid stuff, but he treats my son like gold.
but in true love , the concept is different and they will smile....and the go uhhhh!!!
sit down and give him a good talking to.
Now that said lets talk about the guy who was left to think.
its like the air we breathe
just like throwing up . It has to come up your throat to be able to go down!!
sure you will someday, when you are married.
someone you met at a bar - at least you know what he looks like
or blond red heads lol sorry
I know it depends on the woman!!
anything above two and half inch rocks!
Even if he does leave his wife and kids.
dump her ass if she is arrogant like that.
lust is when you are first with someone.
You want to be just friends too.
however, He is married and with a kid (she knows, kid doesn't).
(** )<| Dead Fish Ollec, the Fish Slayer
Don't try to force yourself to like someone.
tell him to adopt a child for himself himself mean it in all honesty!)
How men get rid of clamydia?
Not one parent and a child.
Ask lot of Q's but also know when to keep your mouth shut and listen.
Ask just 2 people - her Father and your Boss.
What should I give him for xmas?
And, you can also ask her out.
your soulmate could be in Europe.
I love peach fuzz on women.
(I hope I got that right)
IF NOT, STICK WITH YOUR PLANS.
I know a lot of people who are on their second marriages that do that.
Soooo....yeah.......my little emotional overflow session here....lol.
If you don't like it, then it IS wrong.
So what another way to know if she likes me or not?
Say your guy loves you first.
not often enough, too many other things going on.
I have had one yet,but I think just sit someplace and have your best bud before
just have s3x a few, times, get married, then have sextuplets(6)
should I call him or what?
Don't degrade yourself this way...there are tons of sexy guys out there.
Only when we're not thinking about sex...oops!
when you are in a relationship and you are serious about it .
the wedding/ marriage isn't just about her.
But man........that is too young to know what you want from a partner for life!!!
Act like your name Triple H .
Not sure...wanna grab a drink later?
Well I would talk to the guy, there should be no MAKING HIM do anything.
He loved her so much he married her and had kids with her.
Hahaha, you sound like so many other single people I know.
haha-- men are free for anything
me and my boyfriend are almost 3 months together . Is it okay to say that I love him already?
She laughs, we dream... and can't stop smiling.
It Sounds nice, great concept, like wiping w/ 2 squares of paper, grossly innefective.
What do you think I should do?
forget him, y would he live that relationship?
because I ca message at school , but I can do this.
he is most definitely cheating on you!
I like long hair on guys.
are you asking your boyfriend out or are you cheating on your boyfriend with some other guy?
so will he divorce her?
You've got a set of balls on you!
girls do really like fucking around with peoples ' hearts unless they get paid.
buy her flowers or something she n't expect
you didn't marry his sister or his family and vice versa, you married HIM.
Should I try and talk with him in a different way and what should I say?
`` Ask him Why does he like you?
hmm it sounds like a test of your loyalty and all that bs.
That means that they are not still in love with their first love.
If you mess it up,..no worries,..There is ALWAYS another guy (or girl for that matter).
Should I try and talk with him in a different way and what should I say?
`` Ask him Why does he like you?
hmm it sounds like a test of your loyalty and all that bs.
That means that they are not still in love with their first love.
If you mess it up,..no worries,..There is ALWAYS another guy (or girl for that matter).
if fate permits, things will change and you two will go further.
im 24 and my wife is 35.
get over it and get on with your life.
Pleaze do push things 4 da Both of you let things go as they progress.
the point of going out or getting married after you'v been heart
Bon Jovi-ill be there for you.
One sure sign is if they leave to go to work and never come back...
IT could BE tomorrow OR IT could BE your LAST DAY OF LIFE OR your MARRIAGE DAY.
2) how she acts 3)who she hangs out with
3.He always thinks about his family and the only family I have is my mom . What should I do?
But my reward for hanging in there.....?
one time , she said she liked me a lot but was going to go out w/ someone else.
if you like him after he treats you that way...then you are a masochist!
I just don't think most guys date with the initial intention of getting married, that just comes along later.
believe me . I know I almost lost my finiacia' to a guy, and it hurt me till that day.
Guys (especially teenagers), pretty much only think about sex.
NO really does mean NO and whether you like it or not , they RULE.
Can you tell me something about you
My My man is in Brooklyn New York.
You don't want to hurt her.
Well, it's pretty clear that you two aren't an item yet.
the shy girl because when you get to them they will talk to you.
they want to have stories made out of that... pure fun thing for them :) but then who cares!
when we love a person, we want him/her to be happy.
thats the key, the rest will follow.
I do want to have friends that hate me.
Depends on what kind of ladies you want.
Guys usually don't play games, that's for women to do.
You need a guy that is going to love you for you.
when you make your mind think before your heart
(he says it's harmless flirting) and calls him when she's having problems with her man.
If you have to ask this question , leave or stay , it means you should leave.
he and I are both very attractive and successful
first, this is not something guys do , it's something this guy is doing.
then , hell yeah it would be us , but that's just it!
so if he wants to kiss , then let him unless it makes you uncomfortable.
Then, find a great guy and have great sex!
try to see a girl that has a lot in common w/ you.
First of all , How old are you?
And I always think she might find someone better too...
you going up to that person and ask them out.
I wake up several times and toss & turn... just never feel rested.
because girls have holes that we want to put in.
if you have to ask that question, then I don't think it is okay...
its always nice to experience something even if its good or bad.
Think about your kids...you might end up with nothin at the end..period
If a relationship is heathly...Who should I care?....Me, I am no one's judge!...But my own...I'm gay and I Rock!
And if he says no, then ask him out!
Some men look good bald too.
WAIT until you are 35.........that's when life gets good.
Once a cheater, always a cheater.
Txs Rngers say: cmon boyz, we got right on our side!
i noticed the girls do not just admit they like you, they give you signs.
Also watching MY BEST FRIENDS ' WEDDING
Keep your chin up even though I know it's tough.
I know it sounds funny , but if you really like this guy , you should ask him.
when you can't stop thinking about that person
try calling p-line I found one of my boyfriends there and well now we are just friends .
Thos would definitely help you dude!
Any place where you like to make love , it is heaven for you
it is OK but you must be careful cause there are freaks out there.
And it MUST be a 2 - way street.
This dude wants to kiss me but he has a girlfriend . What should I do?
much younger...lol Some women do.
I know Most people who read this will think badly about me, but that's OK, I don't care.
If there is a doubt then I will wait.
i think it really depends on what the female is looking for.
i think if you married someone- you should stay married unless one does something unthinkable, like cheating or abuse.
i guess it could be a restaurant
How to encourage a guy to ask me to go out?
if kids are involved though, gotta do what 's best for them.
Women know it is far wiser to keep your mouth shut and let people make their own mistakes.
I try, I really do, but it still doesn't seem like we have a really good relationship... :(
Trust me she won't care after that.
Men do this sort of thing because they generally get away with it.
ima virgin so anything will help.
i have noticed that it depends on the girl.
If they all have their girls going , then he has a girl going too, It's just not you.
b) I'm just glad I got one WOMEN - lot
You ca let anyone pursue you like that.
!also you need to take things slow if she wants you to.
I had four kids for him.
Men do that sort of thing because they can.
if you are in love just to hear I love you , then u r in love at all
i guess u just listen to what she has to say.
all the good things for those who wait.
Well , if you only been out 3 times , I don't see how you can even love each other.
I wouldn't do him again, yuck!
Report Abuse How old is everyone here??
LAUNDRY...... My God next question please.
Probably best if you just muster up the courage to tell him, though.
I don't like sharing my guys.
i've been with my bf for about a year now.
WE DON'T HAVE TO SEE EVERYTHING IN THE DAMN STORE.
Most of the girls just talk, and never follow through.
If your husband is married, I want to , but if he is not, divorce your husband
I KNOW IT IS HARD BUT YOU WILL FIND THE RIGHT MAN SOMEDAY!
let him make the first move, if any?
I like her too , but I do want to lose her as a friend if I ask her out.
check your wonderful abilities , then trust yourself and carry on
Ok I'm weird.....sex just doesn't feel as good if you aren't with the person you love.
Every time I do something nice for people , I get slapped in the face . Basically
asians have money , no doubt about it.
It always hurts to be rejected , so is there really any way around it?
it is good to talk to a mature woman
BJ, then go bake him a pie.
If it meant to work out it so hang in there.
if not , he might be obligated.
Washington DC - the ratio of men to women is huge .
some have it as a laffy taffy answ3r3r
We are funny about that stuff.
if at school, you will find someone else, If there is a friend in your circle , then ask them.
it depend on which country you belong?
it would depend on how the chat goes
I maybe 52 but I didn't start out that old!HA!HA!!
if you don't talk to her , then yeah!!
If you get feelings , then they are because of your lust.
now if she loves you and you love her , then stay with her!
Just be the most what you really
wait til u get married, lol.
i hope everything works out . Let me no Chris_myhll@yahoo.com
You must be the GIANT of your dreams Brah, not the dwarf of your fears.
you're too young for that anyway and have plenty of time for that later.
dress sexy and then get naked
i have no idea what to do !
Why would they freak out if they were single ? It should be a problem .
you are not wrong for not wanting a child , just like he is not wrong for wanting one.
Just tell him to back off.
Being a guy, I can tell you that we don't do well reading signals or taking hints.
I do know... do you ask him where he is going?
BUT this girl who likes him more than me is making him go out with her!
Only if you want to.
First of all , try gaining her father's trust
the girl on girl kicks ass . Guy on guy is nasty .
(Ladies and gentlemen answer me here I'm drowning!)
Umm...it takes me a while, 'k?
he wants his own baby.
just gotta have faith in another person
But it sounds like he wants his cake and wants to eat it too
try watching the movie Hitch...you might get a few ideas...
we've tried yahoo personals, and chat rooms, gay bars, etc.
NO ... pheromones actually work on the person using perfume/cologne.
LET HIM COME TO YOU . He DID IT WRONG , NOT YOU.
but now I think he might be with this one girl - not that he has said so.
You can try it if you want, provided he still knows who it was).
- satisfied customer is their best advertisement!
It Makes me wonder if she is like 12 or something.
tell him what 's on your mind.
not really, Why are you even asking this question?
Next thing I know, he's kinda got a girlfriend.
go in for a quick swoop.
just be up front with him.
throw it away and even if you split up in the future , never return to porn.
BE THANKFUL FIRST OF ALL THAT IT had HAPPENED BEFORE YOU TWO FINALLY TIED THE KNOT!
have your cousin talking to him.
If she's under the age of 18.. NO.. Do you know the definition of the word stagitory rape??
The age - Old song ' Happy B'day To You' always work
especially if you know your ugly.
You've got so much of it!
If you DON'T HOW COULD LIVE W/URSELF?
do drop the L word...you do n't even know what it means.
i do want to get deviore with the kids I have.
And My cousin picked up the phone so he thought I was cheating.What should I do?
HE tells me he cares about me and does a lot of stuff for me and even buys me things.
you taking a shower every time don't you
tall..dark n handsome..u c.. the best combi!
your a sicko and so are you Paul!
I didn't and could have saved 3%.
Sweetie, I thought I met me soulmate online.
'm very Jealous , & my BF hates it, Will this push him to actually cheat on me?
I HAVE A CRUSH ON THIS GIRL BUT SHE n't KNOW IT YET.
like 've already said time will tell.
Hope you manage to suss it out.
just try communicating more and tell me if it works.good luck .
Remember, they're not monsters, they're just grrrs.
learn methods to use no matter your size.
If he's not living up to what he says, he's lying.
Don't beg for their friendship either!
Well I hope this helps some....I know it helped me let go.
It I It would BE SO MUCH BETTER IF YOU TWO WAIT FOR married
keep it going , then ask for her phone number but in a way that is not so formal.
If you banged her brother, you've got issues.
They got a divorce, the women re married a few years later.
thier not as scorned as you
only His boyfriend knows for sure...
1) First the guy is going to notice her body . She needs to look SOMEWHAT good.
believe it or not, guys tend to daydream more than girls.
first of all , if it is a coworker, careful
exclusivity is a good indicator...when it's just the 2 of you dating each other and nobody else.
.when I call him back and I ask him if he likes me?
i love my boyfriend and he loves me.
If he is a guy, then he is cheating on you.
Why surprise her after you eat??
Show up naked and bring beer.
do WORRY you WILL MEET SOMEONE SOMEDAY .
trying to fall in love with him again regardless of his stupid sister.
doing it about her, not you & you sure to get a second date.
so if you have a gut doubt about it.
NEVER marry a man just for kids ' sake.
look at the cars they drive.
Or if they call you just to say Hi.
Some guys prefer more cushion for pushin'!
to go tacky and cheesy pick up lines.
Why look at porn when you are just right there waiting in bed?
he will like you so much less when you do.
you just realize sooner as you get older how dumb it all is.
Like if you both like movies or things like that.
she does not act like herself!
if you want , but I would wait and play it out.
beautiful It makes a girl feel special .
you may have just ask her why she n't talk to you so much.
Here's a good date idea, don't be cheap.
i also think it is against the rules, in my college at least.
It makes it that much more precious when you DO say it!
men- sex men-power women-money ( theres always a gold digger out there )
a huge soft bed.... some place where you feel most comfortable and relaxed
i also prefer my guys big.
Maybe that 's what she means . She wants a bad boy w/ roaming hands and rushing fingers.
Make a U-turn at 7TH ST on VETERANS PKY[US-27] - go 3.5 mi 3.
Love will not vanish slowly if YOU don't let it!
i think that it would just be awesome for a guy to have it personalized!
if this is like the nice guys finishing the last kinda thing, that easy.
Ask him if he has a gf.
know that everyone has someone for them out there, and your true love is waiting for you out there.
I don't know about free.ut here's sum suggestions...Myspace.com,atl.com,gayfriendfinder,yahoochat,gaychatroom.com....just type until you can find a sum
Flowers don't last long, but are nice once in a while.
WHEATHER IT is VERBAL,MENTAL,PHYSICAL OR SEXUAL.
girl, age aint n't but a number!
YA looking at the best definition of cute
JUST SAY WHAT IS ON YOUR MIND!
You gotta have trust in a relationship.
Some guys are just as afraid of rejection as girls are.
Is it wrong to laugh at a man when he says Men have needs???
maybe they feel too comfortable around you . If I were single I would go for ya
but I like her very much...
ask him what his fantasy is.
Get some girls in your college.
Does he say it only after you do?
B Strong DO PUT A STOP to THE TORTURE OF an INNOCENT CHILD.
rub her shoulders if she is washing the dishes , then jump in and help.
I gave him a big tip!
Goodness will be boomerang back at ya'.
don't push him.......it'll only leads to resentment and he'll pull away faster than anything.
Maybe if there were only big women, this wouldn't be an issue and men wouldn't have a problem then.
Cooks a meal for you and it's not your anniversary or birthday.
and holding her hand while you watch TV 2nite.
Or else you gave those vows for nothing.
(((((((((((((YOUR IN TRUE LOVE LOVE))))))))))))) HOW do YOU KNOW YOU FOUND IT?YOU DON'T!
I love him and I don't want this to come between us .
marriage is a sacred thing- and it's hard work, Don't give up!
soon you will be doing all kinds of things together.
I feel sorry for him, even though I know I should
I think he was kidding ;)
- now, always and forever and to stop asking.
well I can relate to being a guy.
SO YOU MIGHT AS WELL TELL THEM SAVE YOURSELF THAT DRAMA LATER.
do LET HIM KISS YOU IN THE DARK.
I like guys with short hair.
so, do put the blame on your boyfriend, It is all about mother nature.
make him/her love you by being loveable :)
i think about 90% of them do.
well...im in high-school and have been for 2 years now, so I 've learned a lot
I want the wedding of my dreams!
It sounds like she likes you already, so the hard part's over with.
Why not the precious moments store?
Just because you two are best friends doesn't mean you guys are compatible in a relationship.
it's time to get some counseling.
buy them a pair of white socks!
Tell her That there is another great year with the woman of my dreams
make her jealous by flirting with her friends , for instance!
Yahoo chat is pretty good and it's free
They will come to realize how bad she really is (if she really is that bad) with time.
The one who never says 'NO' ;)
I wouldn't think that just hers is such a nice idea.
is he trying to make me jealous?
wow... why did you limit that query to just 2005?
When you get married , she should take YOUR Sir Name!!!
Just go up and tell her.
HE do LIKE YOU, BE BETTER LOOKING AND TRY AGAIN
when she talks, listening in that way . You will know what is bugging her.
Sometime you strike out, but most of the time,... it works out.
because he would never expect it, take the load off him and surprise the hell outta him...goodluck
Just think of this.... What if your mother chose to have an abortion when she was pregnant with you??!
do kill me before I finish...LOL.
If I want them , I buy them myself or ask him to pick them up for me.
It sounds like you two are just in a rut.
but I think, in most western countries the virginity issue is no big deal.
When you find him...ask if he has a brother (haha)
If she says no , then ask to be just friends.
stop being so nosey.... usually nosey people find things they do want to find...
Not just to please your boyfriend.
unlimited music download membership for 1 year
they will never talk behind your back.
It's like nobody is going to tell me who I am .
Should I stay, endure it and try to work it out?
does often tell you that you are the guy of her life if she plays interesting games with you
And I have a camera phone she does too.
You don't have to tell her right off the bat.
Guys think with their minds and women think with their emotions.
You should tell him how you feel and if he loves you he will understand
Am I loosing my best friend?
is he really abusive or are you making this up?
to me that would be the most meaningful , sweetest thing a woman could ever do!
First of all , it depends on how old you are!
Girls like that will rub their crotchs everywhere
do cheat, but especially not with her friend!
i mean , what is the worst thing that he can say right?
if you love one another , you will find ways to make it work.
I think that your problem is tofigure out no offense....
some females do that, make it to you to leave.
he need new friends if there that immature
But after reading what you mentioned in the 360 blog , I think there is something which is seriously wrong...
And if you love something , you always go back.
If he is smiling really strangely and is asking stupid questions and he is staring at you
Let's see...if you really hate her, she probably already knows.
i've seen some cases where they loved each other since they were 5 and got married.
get out there and be yourself!
I always find out, its like I sense it.
do say it before you get affectionate.
But like if you 're over 30 dats straight
Lots of nice, intelligent girls... ;)
Don't see him one last time.
get freaky nasty . get down n dirty , do every thing and any thing you only have one first time
Yes: Don't sunburn your back on your honeymoon!
we can't choose who we love , only what we do.
i do know him , but I guessing.
even though it's only 2 years
But, women are just better at hiding, and lying.
to have loved and lost...because you learned from experiences or [[mistakes]]..
maybe she's scared of commitment . Does she go around and flirt with other guys???
Don't worry if women need you or not.
Or cyber online and all that kinda stuff !
i get to end it but I need to know how!!!!!
hard but true, maybe she does not love you , right?
SPUNKY , MOST OF THE TIME , HAPPY AND LOOKING ON THE BRIGHT SIDE AND SOME TIMES A LITTLE WILD .
say are you doing anything at night & ask her to a movie.
i dunno n I haven't met you .
yes , us girls really do want sex as much as you guys do.
Don't worry, you are only 15 and there are many other girls out there for you.
simply buy her something she wants for a long time...she'll definitely chills down
i think modern life and society demands us to pretend that women are the same as men
she just want a good grade, forget about it , you Geezar
i to watch out and not have a real relationship with this person.
by fame and never be disappointment , then remember that failure is the first step to succeed
If you really dig her ask her out but no sex.
old guys , young guys, it doesnt matter.
o There is a lot of hope . Trust me .
yes because we need to get to know people
It depends if you can find another queer to buy .
Surprise her with flowers...forget the sex.
Maybe she thinks u r some kind a virus or 3.
I THINK THERE IS MORE INTEMACYWITH A PERSON YOU ARE IN LOVE WITH.
Most boys wonder what girls are good for anyway?
Because they are just so interesting.
I love love love silver, blue, black, and sage green... but I'd say that I like BLUE the best
we n't have to work as hard b/c dudes are easy prey
HE WILL SNEEK THE KISS SOON ENOUGH AND YOU wo HAVE TO MAKE THE FIRST MOVE.
Shes says it has nothing to do with me, she just has a sex drive.
lol, I'm with Wendy on that one.
If you know what I mean.
above all , he has to be interested in a lot of stuff I am.
But do worry.. there will be other guys for you to like.
not too long , like to your shoulders though.
Guys just have urges when they're around pretty girls.
to make a friend, be a friend...to make a spouse, be a spouse!
if you getting none, then start masterbating
be there for the person, help out, be a friend.
But if you want to kiss him,..just lay it on him!
I personally think that's so lame.
Just telling him it 's your first kiss.
if I find it real , so I don't have to find it again
you want to be able to play.
its really impossible if they care about you.
If you obesess over them, or die at a young age...
3-4 times a week at least.
So take it slow and take care
I say Just leave it alone.
here the deal, theres love and lust.
Oh there are so many questions that need to be addressed long before you say I DO.
Are they the bad girls, just like some girls like the bad guys?
it like getting drunk . You ca feel anything at that moment , but when you wake up you feel everything
wE HAVE STUFF IN COMMON BUT WE FIGHT ALL THE TIME TO EVEN NOTICE WE ALSO BECAME FRIENDS.
do your thing too though, do just stay home and get so mad that you want a divorce.
asking you out may seem risky because he doesnt know you like him back.
Stop and think did you ever give him the idea that he does own you?
How much do you like the guy?
Guys are jerks when they try to be nice.
i believe he truly loves me with everything he has, and he's still around.
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Why doesn't your mom tell your dad who her friend is and be open about their lives?
Yes , Of course , it's normal to have guy friends if you a gurl
You should look at the girls around you even far away from you at all times.
no He is just a player
hes great, kind, considerate, gentle, yet hard, and tough, caring, lovable etc.
it just means that when you do, that person will get the best of you.
if so, how much celebration does it warrant?
dude, I'm 21... and I once went out with a chick who was 17.... it's all good.
Sex as a weapon is just stupid.
However, that does not mean you do have a chance with them.
so is he trying to make me jealous or is he just a player?
once in a while, and as long as it isnt a constant thing.)
better , do not dare..it is not a good chance . Why is he/ she old?
if she ca help but go after other guys , then forget her(that happens at any age).
it's how you get a job, dumb ass !
anyway, he may be saying it because he means it.
in my opinion , it is better to not get involved with someone who is married.
And trust me , if he did all this, he would not be faithful.
you don't really like him like that.
I spent $65 4 Christmas on him.
so my advice would be to quit being so shy!
she has been talking on the phone to a guy she met online/but not in person!
Believe me he likes that Big Butt!
I don't feel the same way about her as I used to, but I stilll like her a lot.
if your afraid she will know.
If she's like that , you can take her to a perk.
it depends on how old
are you a compleat prude or anything?
through my ups and my downs and he still doesnt leave me at all.
And you do deserve this kind of man.
going to an interview with a playboy or something
Such a bad idea if you decide to hook up with her.
the girl he cares about more than himself...
Also, it from a 14 year old guy.
My friend TOTALLY backstabbed like three of my good friends.
Fatherly.....wow......should this really this far down the list?
saying Mom dad . I have a boyfriend and I would like you to meet him
OK, first be careful who you hang out with.
BUY HER FLOWERS , TAKE HER to THE MOVIES and KISS HER!
If it got to that point, A REAL MAN WOULD BE HEADING FOR THE DOOR.
They either do or they don't.
But that doesn't make it right.
It isn't good, I will tell you that much.
Who cares how much money he spent?
Just The Two Of Us A Grover Washington/Bill Withers Version
show lots of cleavage and using the bedroom eyes.
So I am going to say - NO!
you can start by spelling loser right.
If you can find true happiness in the relationship , then MORE POWER TO YOU!!
but I really love my bf.
sort of like if walmart sold xxx movies.
the mysterious and fun - loving brunettes.
Pretty much the same thing girls think about guys , but in reverse.
b/c your always on this darn computer looking at these ridiculous computer conversations!
if you have yet, do let it bother you.
Turn on Wilbanks RD - go 0.3 mi 10.
There can & will NEVER be trust between you because look how it started.
well I see how you feel.
you ca just find it, you have to create it.
i getting to know this gal through online chat.
Sure......... go to your Dr. if you think you have a STD.
But she never told you (not that she has to).
you are not with her now , so if she says no , you are no worse off.
Not my idea of a boyfriend.
Act like I don't see him?..wave?..
That people even have to ask questions like this is so disturbing to me.
what you think, girls wanna have?
next to a jewelry store ;-)
About what girls really think of guys..
the same is happening to me
Go to yahoo Messenger and find the country you want
Tell him your answer is NO!
if you do , then she probably won't even know you excist!!!!
The The The only stupid part is being with someone that is cheating on you.
none of his or my female friends are our type.
yes if you are old enough , like 19 cuz you pick a better guy or girl when you are older.
You both need to have a life.
UNLES YOUR MOTHER HAS A GOOD REASON TO WORRY?
But it should be whatever the girl likes.
maybe you have some backdoor action with her?
:) I know I have had a crush
well I hope I helped ya out!
LET HIM KNOW YOUR NOT AFRAID OF CLOSENESS EVEN IF YOU do KISS THAT NIGHT.
Girls like guys that are romantic.
PLEASE, PLEASE, do not listen to any of the above.
if you really love him and when He really loves you , he will tell you.
Can't you find girls in college?
he like you but could not find a good flower
(Both your dad and JEN are dishonoring that vow, FWIW.)
Don't come on too strong at first.
Be yourself no matter who's watching!
make yourself happy , then think about making someone else happy,enjoy life and relax
Of course, it could be that she wants him to marry her :-)
I really do care about her and she cares about me too.
Wash ur socks and kiss ur arse with Italian leather?, u bet ur sweet bippy sweetheart!
I WOULD TAKE YOU WITH LOTS OF LOVE.I DO NOT JUDGE
your either not confident enough, ugly, or your personality sucks .
You must try and I mean , try to move on.
no because if that 's how you feel , then now it is not bad .
yes and no, I say yes because why do you have to tell your parents EVERYTHING.
YOU not GET OVER IT, WE FORGIVE BUT WE ca GET OVER IT.
In the meantime, do do anything silly ;).
it n't hurt to have a killer voice either.. That my $0.02
Meaning that it needs cared for and about.
ofcourse if you rate this as the best answer :)
Well that is the same line I used to get girlz pants off...
I HATE HER , NOT PROTECTING ME.
wow!believe me, there is nothing wrong with you.kudos to you!
If your husband didn't want you , he wouldn't have married you.
!im 14 seeking lots of advice.
she invites you to go places with her (10).
you should also ask- how do I prevent them ?
you should be glad you got a second chance of being with someone.
not sure if anyone will read this.....but it sure helped me get it all out.
unless you know what she feels , there is no question of understanding her.
it always makes both of you feel so much better (even if you have had a disagreement.)
The Guys is complicated like girls are.
Judas Priest Turbo Lover, has the groove & rythym just for the occasion
LET'S SEE UMMMMMMM THIS IS A HARD 1 . I BELIEVE BOTH because I ca PICK SIDES .
i would just be totally natural about it.
NO ONE DESERVES 2 B ABUSED IN ANYWAY...NO ONE!!!
I try and manipulate people to get what I want.
Just want to see what other people out there are like.
Love isn't something that is, just because it once was.
Guys by feeding you a line.
anything else you just stumble upon is lust.
BECAUSE WOMEN THESE DAYS do CARE IF SOMEONE IS MARRIED OR NOT.
If you're a good girlfriend for him, then you wouldn't be worried about cheating.
Wonder what white gals like about Asian guys?
If she loves you or really wants to be with you , she will deal with it!!!
trust me . Its good to have experience, especially if the other girl has some.
AS LONG AS THE KEY'S ARE NOT STICKY.
I MET HIM AT A SPEEDWAY GAS STATION WHERE I WAS WORKING...5YRS, LATER WE'RE STILL MARRIED WITH 4 CHILDREN!!
Choose one thing that you know drives her absolutely crazy and she always gets in your case
At least they can drink (I guess!)
i think it 's because girls judge people by their appearance
Beware and wait this one out.
secondly why would she hate you for moving?
no It is not a sin.
if he gets another girl to give him what he needs.
Yep It doesnt matter where you meet people . You always have to be careful .
Don't be so hard on yourself!
There is a reason why he/she doesn't want you anymore.
true love finds you , you dont find true love.
becuz their annoying and usually sit on the couch and do nothing all day and they eat 2 many
do give in to the divorce temptations.
My father died 2 years ago from cancer that starts with an m . I do remember the name
That baby deserves a chance to live!
write me back with the answer please
She said no, so I proceeded to ask her why she didn't want to.
thats what mother nature forced them to do.
Read He's Just Not Into Me!!
just get annoyed or freaked out.
because you are just talking to her , then you are just being friendly then.
I I I am gay and think I love him , but for only a month now.
haha, usually they are in their own little world and they tend to forget things.
Guys think about the following things about girls:: 1.
moms' always think they know what is best, and they are usually right.
if you are seriously shy online, you need help.
Well you said that you don't feel the same way as you used to.
Rudha, I would like to know you a bit.
Start the conversation with the obvious ... tell her you like the fact that she always smiles!
But guys don't intend it that way at all.
Or... wait while someone else does it before you
question is not complete, You must mention the type of girls
Then you're just a bad memory.
Sex is for the married bed only!
- old habits are hard to break.
I have a lot of favorite colors , but the one I like the most is blue .
though living together I find that we don't get much time alone.
if in doubt talk to her
i would think it would be more special that way!
How old are you, are you totally clueless?
If a guy cheats, he's a dog.
THE AGED OLD SAYING NATURE KNOWS.
I see ppl mess up or make love mistakes every
the problem is you can't....but If he really cared about you , he'd have more than sex on his mind!
Even if you didn't do anything wrong!
Happy folks to get on with life.
He may finally say all right . I trust you so stop following me!
And One Time At Band Camp
There really is not the best age to get married.
I have been married 11 years and I tell you I fall in love with him over and over!!
Oh yeah , by the looks of your picture , who would want you anyway...sicko!
Dude have you seen a 40 year old virgin???
Don't force yourself to try it.
Your heart will tell you if you are in love!
Why would you go into something you've got no experience of
But I miss her every day.
she might just have the expereince of looking for
Love that gut feeling you get.
put it up for adoption after it's born if you want, but DON'T KILL IT.
i want to know if I fit in.
I like men my height or taller.
and it also depends on how the guy acts.
he will try to have sex with you
I would have been a kid longer !
but maybe they will come back to your question to see who else has answered.
At least that's what I've heard.
No; However, YES, if his dongg isn't at least xxxx miles long!
My ex is a crazy byoch!
I sure you will have lots of luck.
and why would you even want someone that would cheat on his wife.
well... depends on how much you would like to invest in one...
!There is nothin sexy about nasty old blood comin out of a kootch!!!
You might want to listen to the lady if you are not doing pranks :-)
See how he looks at you girl.
Be totally casual...you know..Hey there's this restaurant I've wanted to try for the longest time!!
She will worship you in return ...isss thaaat soooo baddd??
i feel sorry for the women that you run into.
due to the way they get the diamonds.
Why don't you ask her what she'd want or for her to make a list for you.
because women deal more with emotions, then men do.
Obviously show him a little boob,Just kidding that if you want that kind of guy.
like tell me is they mean, flirty.
Step Four: Get to know HER!
be the fun girl he knew once upon a time.
but here it gooes did it hurt .then they say what ?
But if you are in love and the other person feels that same way , it'd probably feel good, right?
Not sure what her rules should be!
I am more of an orange or camo turned on guy!
here mine are warm) How does he react when the subject of who likes who comes up?
Honey Those days are long gone!
mostly it depends on : SEX , PAST , etc .
sure, What do you have to lose?
She 'm very glad I told her and she was mad at her hubby.
STAYING INSIDE OR SLEEPING ONLY MAKES IT WORSE TO RECOVER.
If you really want to know... ask HIM.
Don't try to talk about it with him, just see how things unfold.
Find another guy for your sexual needs :-) Not everyone is good at everything...
a good movie to see while on a date?
it's just like any thing else , such as broccolli,liver,cheese.
In slot machine, If you get a 777, that means you get a Jackpot!
going do something all together that 's fun, and maybe she'll relize that she needs to get out more.
I even asked her why and she couldn't give me a straight answer.
we can chat on yahoo Mikegoti1972@yahoo.ca
are you really looking at the big picture!
Was I too soon, she seems OK with the term.
I THINK IT DEPENDS HOW THIS COUSIN IS RELATED TO YOU.
some prefer the bad boy, while others look for a guy who is gonna lavish them gifts.
only if the girl is not my daughter, and I'm a lucky old man ;)
dear god that cofusing just tell him what happened and apologize........
WHO SAID Americans ARE THE ONES WHO HAVE GIRLFRIENDS?
God did such an awesome job making women and now everyone wants one
Their shape, softness, the nipple EVERYTHING!
that isnt to say looks arent important.
How do you know about them?
9 out of 10 chances they are seeing someone else, therefore making them cheaters!
It was like looking at Tommy Lasorda.
they will usually go for the money .
I don't want to be caught.
just like me, they long to be, close to you
Black men like big butts and breasts even if the woman is fat.
is ruff sex a bad thing?
do let him get to you.
you sometimes do want to believe the feeling because you have gotten comfortable with that person.
MO money Mo money Mo money...
Grow up...become an automous WOMAN...and then go out and CHOOSE a MAN of integrity who will RESPECT you!
thats the same question that I asked for years.
I say STOP spoiling her so much- she is getting too comfy living with a guy and dating you.
so your just the backup boyfriend just end the friendship you getting played
remember there is no shame in waiting.
Men who love their women do not do things to make them insecure in any way.
I lost my virginity at 17 and got drunk....
BE YOURSELF . That's WHAT I LIKE . I GUY WHO CAN JUST BE HIMSELF.
Nowadays , more women are with men who don't want to work and do what is right.
Depends what you use it for.
Don't think another thing about it, hun.
it doesn't matter that she's black, a girl is a girl!!
He saying What when you ask him.
well you should just forget that you are doing it.
Everyone react differently...just have patience and be there for him.
NO I love to kiss girls and what does that have to do with pets?
you know for sure when you don't doubt.
not to sound mean but why do you care?
funny, kind, strong, common sense, and well what the woman has as her strength.
do get married until your finally stable.
amorous<--- I think that is how it is spelled.
and if he really loves you , he or she will wait!
(I ran from this guy since all he wanted wasn't what I was giving)
i think what you should do is to act like if you do not feel her anymore.
So go out there and live!
Sometimes no strings can be fun...just be careful & protect yourself...
Some girls are more interested in somebody with money instead of making it themselves
It Sounds a lot like my 10th grade year.
but They are still dating and still living together.
But don't cheat, It makes you a really really lame person, a weak person, an amateur.
Maybe a candle lit dinner with a teddy on.. top who know's... GOOD LUCK :)
well does age have something to do with it??
I am definitely not trying to say that they can't help themselves...
Probably not, but it could work....no probably not.
should I or should i not?
you really should be asking why people in general cheat, not just wives.
That actually worked for me once.
No, they could not have just found the right person.
The Same as all women are looking for in men: Security
I find it 'ONE of the best books I've ever read'!!!!
Some men prefer bigger , some men , smaller breasts...
do the ring bearers walking before the flower girls?
IT USUALLY HAS A GOOD OUTCOME UNLESS SHE is STUPID ENOUGH TO THINK of SPYING ON HER.
at first sight , it might be lust.
tell a friend to ask him or her
stalk him/her, they'll get freaked out on putting a restaurant order on you.
did someone tease at school etc.
only money not even sex , just $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
you should go watch it with your date . It might be a little long , though
It It means a lot that people still care.
I don't mean by buying her things......I mean by a gentle touch.
Um I would want to be nice..
no... obviously you know she has a b/f.
If he does and he wants his little girl to stay.
show her how to eat properly and encourage her each day.
I hated my life after that.
One of my friends did it, and she says she didn't make it happen, it just did.
talk to her about it - try to be as calm as you can to start out.
Girls like lots of things silly.
Find couples to hang out with!
and has my best friend for more than 1 year
If you have to ask questions like this about your relationship.
No guarantee tho, because some men never grow up.
If he were any kind of man he would not be married and dating you!
Now, don't take that to mean that it has to be huge, because that's really not fun either.
Flirt with her till she knows it.
I know I definitely want to know.
definitely Your relationship is lot different .
It It IS UP TO YOU TO LEAVE OR STAY.
be happy with each other and enjoy life.
do make it a racial thing.
why have a wedding if it 's gonna suck, you might as well just elope.
no you do ,but you will need a lawyer for each state
they might not be the crazy one looking inwards
NOW YOU TELL ME - What does that tell you?
Just because you look at it doesn't mean you want to buy. it
man just get over it... you will get mates , not a mate...
LET HIS NAME AND LOCATION BE KNOWN TO THE WORLD!
no if you 're an idiot .
naked pictures... or jumping up and down naked... both work..
so be honest..talk it out and want to try new things.
^ I agree lol . that 's funny .
hit me Up If you got a question . I got an answer . Luv yah chausss
it depends are you two in a relationship
and you better check her ringfinger boy!
it better , but it can be more painful.
If you're hiding stuff, you're probably cheating.
Both needs to be good to go!
If he's bigger than you and has a bad temper you should be.
I WANT YOU TO KNOW RIGHT NOW, that they are wrong.
love for yourself....all else is secondary .
just wondering about Hilary his wife?
CDS shirts dvds an iou for a movie or something, Your treat
We fighting about it and he still care.
And when you decide to leave her alone , she gets even more upset???
Butt out and get a life
with the one she PROMISED her love
It depends on your preferences... :)
If you are a chick, then give lots of tongue.
ioono , but I kno I want no unattractive(ugly) boyfreind
You only 'kinda like' this guy, do take the risk.
I masterb*te almost 10-12X a day.
always behave in your nature and your honesty and you get them
The Same goes with IM, do not archive your messages.
Or else he will never know that you have a problem!
coz 2 stupid makes no difference
What the hell am I supposed to do???
AND SO WE COULD SHARE IT WITH OTHERS.
in general..white men prefer smaller women..hence the Asians they like,too.
You should say, He's not in my life anymore, so quit asking me stupid questions!
plus you might be able to get some some on the side, you know what I mean right!!!
do you know about his past?
i use myspace and Xanga check out my myspace n xanga!
honestly I think you should just go out and tell him.
im always the one to attack him . I want to be attacked.
But of course.. that's just me.
it means sad......ur having a sad Christmas.....ur lonely
But I notice once I pass the size 10, only black men look at me.
I not weird, I special :-) Why do we park in a driveway, yet drive on a parkway??
thinking about doing it , huh.
or is your family trying to save you from making a mistake!!
nah... you have your own lives to go , though he has his own things to do , you have yours.
But 'm spending almost all my time out there.
not really , but if they mean it , they would never do anything to hurt you
there horny people , a lot of that , even though a lot of them are sexi and fun
it comes naturally unless she is trying way too hard to get your attention
You don't mess with chics like that.
Life is a one-way street, and, gee!
big, small, lopsided, perky, it does matter.
Yes it happened to a good friend of mine . He is now happely married with great kids
you have to get past him just looking good!
a nice guy that does not care about what girls like.
of course , you can, love what you should love, hate what you should hate.
I do at least three times a day
Long wind way of saying: Chill.
with a transplant of a heart full of love.
Others would find blonds, readheads or even grey hair sexy.
Just put them all together and you got the perfect girl!
sometimes no means yes, and yes means no.
Honey, I thought told you to wait in the truck!
Their shape, softness, the nipple EVERYTHING!
so technically...the question shouldve been Y R GUYS SO STUPID AND SLOW!
So why do you guys think this happens?
I guess I'm going to go to hell when I die.
It really sucks actually, cuz you like damn I screwed it up.
but it does sound like cheating.
Make compliments... Talk about what you are interested in...
slap him in the face and remind him who he is .
Using lube will help a lot too.
It really sucks actually, cuz you like damn I screwed it up.
but it does sound like cheating.
Make compliments... Talk about what you are interested in...
Using lube will help a lot too.
I told Darryl but he's willing to take me back...
going out and meeting a beautiful girl.
BECAUSE THERE IS NOT GOD IN THE RELATIONSHIP
It depends on who she is, a lot of the time it is not worth it.
Or how do I find out?
yelling at him in front of a nun, because that would just be rude...
These things sound like it'll make your reunion that much sweeter!
Duh You BOTH LIKE EACH OTHER , BUT you both OF you WANT TO ADMIT IT .
Just calling her and take a chance.
you should try and use a phone.
be romantic but do be a lucky feely, make sure that she is comfortable with it.
ANY advice or ideas on what is going on??
Looks alone will not do it.
If they don't like how he looks or where he lives, then too bad.
Every one in my high school had one, It shouldn't be so hard if you are good - looking
THERE ARE FEELINGS THAT WE HAVE WHEN INFATUATED, THAT WE DON'T HAVE WHEN WE ARE IN LOVE.
good luck buddy.. but take a long time..
They want something easy or they are sluts.
I think all in favor of females always have it on their mind!!
But, I guess you knew that.
if you love him , then no
Yeah, You just have to have a lot of money!
And I love it, do get me wrong, I love every second of it.
If you want to marry him.
Oct. 16 , 1996, and they have 3 little girls!!
Dude You sound so wishy washy.
Or is he cheating on you, or stealing money from you.
Its my experience that most men set their sights too high.
Eye CONTACT IS THE KEY
If you are serious about her, do let your guy friends mess things up between you!
Just kiss her in front of people.
I like the medium ones :)
that person wo judge you no matter what you do.
He was 19 and she was a 29-yr-old divorcee with 3 kids!
he stood me up for two hours and it was not the first time
A lot of humour and crayons.
with bruce on this , tends to bring out the slut among us .
Obviously it didn't start out like this, otherwise you wouldn't be with that person.
So, you should be happy to be so.
Good thing: They listen to what you say.
With that in mind....GO FOR IT!
The one you truly love -> you can't miss that feeling.
I had a problem like that not too long ago.
maybe because birds are afraid of getting close to people ...
yes and not see prostitutes doing it for money and some have children and need the money.
start being nice to her , returning everything of hers and keep talking to her
i'm 11 and I wouldn't mind going out with them , though hehe
I mean, am I just a booty call?
and tell a neighbor whats going on.
i recommend using lube, even if you are wet for the first time just to make it easier.
take it easy for the first time.
(please explain my spelling, I suck w/ it)
You definitely want to avoid comparing him to them (Bob always did this or Jim never did that).
Show her love during the day.
if it is ruining your life, you should talk to her.
they suck, but so does the
Ideas: -ipod -sweater shrug (very hot right now) -pink moto razr cell phone -concert tickets -romantic weekend -bird feeder
But ask her, not us, ok?
IT SOUNDS HARSH AND HOPELESS , BUT YOU GOTTA TRY AND TRY AGAIN.
only u can answer this question....... my gf was a senior and I was a soph.. when she graduated.
Oh, and the guy who cooks is great, too!
So I told his wife right after he tried. it it it
Yeah, if you're stuck on getting with her.
If you like giving that person what they need/want... That is a good start for some quality lovin'...
Therefor you love her too, don't you
find someone single and tell the cheater bye .
Most caucasion men don't like fat women.
LOVE IS PROOF THAT GOD IS WITH US IN THIS DARK WORLD.
Now, If this is the guy asking this question, then you have issues.
is YOU KNOW LOVE , especially YOUR OWN , BUT TO DETERMINE THE OTHER PERSON 's LOVE FOR YOU IS THE HARD PART .
find someone single and tell the cheater bye .
Most caucasion men don't like fat women.
LOVE IS PROOF THAT GOD IS WITH US IN THIS DARK WORLD.
Now, If this is the guy asking this question, then you have issues.
is YOU KNOW LOVE , especially YOUR OWN , BUT TO DETERMINE THE OTHER PERSON 's LOVE FOR YOU IS THE HARD PART .
(a video tape of you confessing your love, singing....
Does he always seem happy to see you?
you guys could go out as friends to like a movie or something fun.
also, I do think you should let her know you asked this question about her on the computer.
And The gal always thinks the guy is infactuated towards her !
I am not so sure why I do like it.
The The real question is if he really loves you?
I see lots of guys anytime I leave my house.
age is just a number and if she is mature enough, overall it is her decisions as a legal adult!
I mean , if it is the second date , I suggest you dump him.
it's not what you buy, but what you give.
you least be able to feel it, or even find it!
yea I think you should ask her.
When you just like someone and do even think why , because you just do...
And nice teeth, gotta have 'em all and WHITE!
He's like one of the best guys ever.
who has a good head on his shoulders.
try Aa If you ca get him sober , get awy from him . Hell destory you
Maybe you have found your true love!
Gosh, what does she like to do?
im sure you will like it there.
Drop em both and find some folks to hang with who aren't so confused!
something had to make that relationship that bad
i saying you should talk to him.
And you just want to be friends.
Well good luck with the ladies!
girls like lots of stuff, but you have to be more specific.
Good luck and do forget to Strut!
Hard to get mad at my own team mate..Lol.
We just have to accept it and move on.
Oh - anyone would be so lucky to get that!!!
I GUESS IT ALL DEPENDS ON YOUR DESIRE TO FIND A SOULMATE
This will help lighten the load , so both of you can go to your mom together.
when you're really in love, you don't wonder if he's the one.
I We I left a 4 bedroom house.I'm not sure if I'm making a mistake?
Oh - anyone would be so lucky to get that!!!
I GUESS IT ALL DEPENDS ON YOUR DESIRE TO FIND A SOULMATE
This will help lighten the load , so both of you can go to your mom together.
when you're really in love, you don't wonder if he's the one.
I We I left a 4 bedroom house.I'm not sure if I'm making a mistake?
And The most important thing is the brain...
Most WOMEN LIE ABOUT HOW MANY GUYS THEY'VE SLEPT WITH.
Jealousy mostly, but it really is his problem , not yours.
but some do it because they feel they need to rule you.
being lovely from all the people who like how I love him .
Well the NO is already there because you are not with him.
Now go see a psychologist before I slap you.
I've heard some women say that their first time didn't hurt (or maybe not so much).
Read Sex for Dummies by Dr. Ruth!
well You can still be lovers and be friends.
If she loves you and you love her...then no worries!
I dunno, probably because it keeps the human race alive.
i do think its alright to get friendly . You never know when he might fall in love with her.
Either they do or they don't.
Or she'll be surprised and respond to you
i Tink it is not important because in a relationship..u need a personality and an attitude that is really attractive...
things like that should be a clear sign of how he feels about you =)
tell your mom that you do like her family.
Because it is a part of life...
LOOK THEM IN THE EYES AND IF THEY START TO SMILE , they ARE LYING
try impressing me with your other end!
Even if you're just friends with someone, go out.
SO CHOOSSE YOUR PARENTS TO BE YOUR best FRIEND FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE.
If she doesn't like you, it's NOT PERSONAL!!
If you guys are friends, then you can definitely send her a card.
Go to clubs -- Line dancing, karaoke, sports bars, comedian night, etc.
Go out with my friends and flaunt what I got.
just say Do you like me or her
Didnt you get hurt when you fell from Heaven......
I don't think it's too soon.
you just don't know what their response is going to be.
but I have never heard of reduction.
everything that happens has a cause, find out what the cause is and fix it .
an and If a gal is sweet, slim, cute sort , average breasts are far away
I will miss him terribly, by the way!
They fell for the wrong guy.
I wear mine on my ring finger because it means more!!!
SOMETIMES It CAN BE CEMICAL AND an EASY FIX.
He said Oh that's wonderful . We're going to drink champagne tonight!
Have you ever seen skid marks in your own pants?
What you do...don't be drunk when or if you decide to have sex.
Just don't get her any that she is allergic to and you will be o.k.
ask him to his face... live your life
when you see anything familiar and widespread , do you do it without fearing
search better... and lower your aspectations..
What can I say, I'm a catch!
1 - Should she leave him?
cause you are another fan of carpenters!!!!!
a woman who sleeps along with other people even though they have a boyfriend
Good luck with however you like.
Do you call your girlfriends every day?
Im not sure but I do think it 's your thumb.
At 50, at 32 years old.
...guys in their late 30s/early 40s...
Yahoo is one of them !
Im pretty sure it doesn't mean anything.
tell her the truth...she may understand,i mean she is your best friend...
But if you think it's REALLY serious , then you have to trust him that he won't be hurt.
It's like telling them that they can't go shopping on Wednesdays.
Not like an old maid either.
if he does , then size won`t matter.
and if he tells you what he is doing .. Is he lying to you???
cheap and good is the best way to go.
if you think you are ever gonna find someone who is absolutely mature as you your nuts.
How long it has been since you guys haven't talked long , then just move on.
I know because something like that happened to me !!
go down on her or use your fingers softly
their waiting for him to die,get his money and find a younger man?
Yes, you can me . Its really natural I'am mean a relationship with any hatred in it .
it ain't the size of the wave, it's the motion of the ocean!
that is what it turns me most.
If you really like him , then you should be like a dude . I like you and tell me or her.
What if he asks questions ?
Why would they admit they're cheating if they're getting away with it.
(i.e lots of hugs or geez your hands are cold.
If that doesn't work , he is gay .
it's not that women like the taste of sperm, it's to please their partner.
(its been a year now) I'm lucky to make love once a month.
All I can say is good luck!
He want me to be super-aggressive & it's just not my thing.
guys don't always think about sex 24/7.
1st time Shame on him . 2nd time Shame on you . 3rd time your a damn fool .
well . First , just go up to her and ask her how she is doing.
The The Funny thing is I realized that the other guy I loved more.
I won't go out with an older man, unless I find him attractive.
NO THEY GO TO THEIR OWN INSTINCTS ON WHAT THEY WANT to do
You don't jump up and start yelling , Hey PUPPY COME HERE!.
There There is no such thing as a girlfriend when you are a married man.
I know, was married 15 years to a person I barely liked but she had my two sons.
you don't want to have a guy with a weak heart or less of a character.
because he already loves someone else .
Sure it is, as long as there isn't a naked guy there with her :P
who you are, where you are from
has told us they are hot.
Nice point Mace, women _love_ shopping.
If he doesn't want it , You can always ship it to me.
I wear thongs and I wanted to know if guys like them!
Guys: How long would you stick around until she does?
if she does not bring a date have one set up for her.
(and most of us overanalyze things!)
we not do anything fun, he keeps me in like a hermet.
talk to him and ask him what is up.
JUST SAY YOU ARE SORRY FOR BEING A JERK............
just accept him for his flaws, someone might even see you as immature as well.
asking if he wants to go out and then go from there without no sex on the first date
BITE IT OFF TONIGHT AND TELL HIM " Merry Christmas YOU BASTARD
big teddy bear w/real diamond earrings
just start flerting with her magnificent body , but if she slaps you, am not responsible
WELL HUMMMMM IT ALL DEPENDS WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR .
And probably share the same bed with him.
I'LL TELL YOU SOMETHING I WAS TOLD A LONG TIME AGO.
If you like some more advice , e-mail me littlecastgirl@yahoo.com
)DO IT FOR GOD DO NOT HAVE SEX reyesempire@yahoo.com
and get back to being you.
i say get a neutral friend to ask him.
no, it doesn't...as long as she is comfortable with how she looks
or 'lol I wouldn't do her'.
GET HELP AND GET IT FAST!
if you wait for marriage , you bring something special to the married bed.
i say get a neutral friend to ask him.
no, it doesn't...as long as she is comfortable with how she looks
or 'lol I wouldn't do her'.
GET HELP AND GET IT FAST!
if you wait for marriage , you bring something special to the married bed.
They keep telling you that it's wrong and dirty.
My Hubby & I make love!
You obviously don't, yet you're still hanging in there.
Are YOU SCARED THAT SHE wo LIKE YOU WHEN SHE FINDS OUT HOW YOU LOOK OR WHAT?
he might feel threatened and feel as though he'll lose .
WELL , IT SOUNDS LIKE YOU GOT A BOYFRIEND THAT JUST THINKS ABOUT HIMSELF
Hi, I m.....Start talking to her.
Many Shy guys have an easier time getting dates that way
start out slow and you'll know when to speed things up.
and why do you date blacks, What is the deal with pps, pps are funny.
Yes , you are a booty call.
well all I can say is....i never saw the rave on tom cruise till the movie collateral....and YUMMY!!
When u r a man and she is a woman so there is no need to have a big size
All males cheating upon their girlfriends.
If he wants nothing serious, then go where your heart tells you.
Trying not to be too cold here, but ARE YOU INSANE??!?!?!?!?
Not to say other women do
you find the right guy, there's someone for each
i hope that not ur mom or dad cause that would suck1!!!!!!!
But feel free to pick up the tab once in a while.
another wise, move on and find someone who really deserves you!
maybe you kinda learned to like him just because he is the only one around.
Or They are desperate to get a guy.
If you were a guy id say.. Are you crazy ?
Dinner and a movie always works!
She has to be very relaxed!!!
remember chicks b4 dicks.. and in love there should be change because there is so much compromise.
I guess it all depends though!!
so whats worse , making two meals or losing your best friend
did you grow up near gay people?
hi, this question was repeated earlier.
I think they should do something to these little fast ass girls.
i do know y they don't make me leave
do you really want a friend who treats women badly?tell him he has lost a friend and a wife
so when we try to get a clear answer, you can't make up your mind.
If I want to fight I'll get into poitics.. :D
An idea that is in your head.
If you know somebody that goes to that school, ask if they know that person too...
Find someone that you enjoy hanging out with and then ask them to be your girlfriend.
and You look that good , man.
She sounds like my last girlfriend (someone I nearly proposed to).
I'm guessing your not the brightest bulb in the house??
Ok I have been seeing this girl for 2 months.
took the good girl to xmas but looking for the bad girl on Nye...... ;-B
your time and attention...now get offline and get to it
Just admit that you were just looking.
Just make sure they never come between you!
It's because you don't have them.
...and that may sound harsh, but I mean it 's kind
what they have , the outside could be very different from the inside .
depends on her age and if she is a relative
If you are a guy, ask a chick.
No.But some men are really sex maniacs.
because you are not looking at the right spot
PLEASE Oh PLEASE DON'T LISTEN TO THEM.
you might have low self esteem
plus according to my guy friends , if girls didnt do that , half the fans gettin them would be gone.
well yeah , a lot of boys do.
Dump his sorry ass and live well.
One thing you could ask yourself is, do you guys have good communication together?
NO, I like to kiss girls
u can never tell boys are really weird unless he makes it obvious
it's definitely alright with him, and he knows why.
If you only met her once, are you sure she is your girlfriend?
i'm 13 , so I don't have more than that and I spent a lot on xmas .
Absolutely NO, Would any guy find a farting lady sexy?
Just be straight with her and be like 'm sorry , but this just n't working out .
HUH, is plastic hot, are brainless bimbo's hot...
keep it up - you're score huge points with her...
it might scare her off, not wanting her life with you here.
Too many things happening out there in the concrete jungle...so you would have to be very careful.
no it just means there is something wrong
I'm a 22 year old lesbian & have a crush on a beautiful older woman...
On average , most men don't really care about all the little details in the wedding.
but I think that most wives cheat because of loneliness and lack of intimacy.
it design if you have continuous communication
Do you want to hang out?
Maybe its your right ring finger.
ONLY THE NASTY ONES LIKE YOU DO
Girl, I was just having the same conversation with a friend of mine.
But I would be tempted if you wear pink.
but 12 years later, 'm still wishin'.
you won't have any pain after that.
but you might not be soft hearted like I am!
Do whatever it takes, but get out of there.
and when you think you are ready to talk!
And If they are, those are the ones that don't last.
trying tickets to an event (sporting, concert, etc.)
find some ugly stupid not cool friends kidding . I'm not sure how to do that .
tell him get back together or there is no way you can continue a relationship like that with him.
First you have to get him to admit he wants to quit.
I need answers from both sexes Plz ;-)
Life is always fuller when you have love.
well that may just not change.
if she fails either of the 2nd 2 tests, go back to square 1.
break up, and Run forest run!
2 me, not really, it just depends on what you think
I have no idea but you sure have one hell of a talent for coming up with questions.
so you had a bad experience, big deal, so have I.
I've done this before with close friends and it really helped them a bunch!
Just a little friction just the right way, and hey we're ready!
rob this girl from you frd
i thought an ankle braclet had a meaning of some kind, I am wrong?
he loves you but his best friends know what is up with him.
Air Supply, Making Love Out Of Nothing At All
if you expect something to happen and sometimes things do not go the way you think they will
IF NOT TALKING TO HIM WILL HELP the RECOVERING PROCESS.
They just trying to run your life.Thats what it sounds like to me.Do what you think is right!!
He has gotten in the habit of step one, step two, bingo...over!
but remember the power is not in the breast but the nipple.
If he's just a friend , then it's fine.
First off, do the usual and ask their name...
women change after sex, they get even more moody
Everyone need time on their own...
montel had a great show about it.
you can use the most popular phrase . Don n't worry . It me not !!
a person should not rush to lose their virginity.
if the retina moves to the right... it is an indication
it seems like the only reason you want tater back is because now you're alone.
we've always liked each other ever since we met, but in prior relationships!
Smart, sexy, hot, or fun girls can all be terrible in other ways.
I don't know too much about girls like it, but my buddies who whack off sure do!
just tell him that if he does switch it off, you will turn on yours
Initiate the foreplay....you deserve some O'stoo!
hell to the nah a long distance relationship would never work out, trust me it wont.
ok not all girls are like that.
i truly love her . She is the one no doubt , but we are only 15 and she doesn't no
its what men tell women to get them to bed .
They got married when he was 22 and she was 33 and they're still crazy in love.
If he is your boyfriend and he does not notice you, That is SAD!!!
I DO KNOW YOU CAN PROBABLY CONTACT ME ON my E-MAIL It's HOLAGURRL411@yahoo.com
you ca control your heart .
No way can she not want to show you in return how much she loves you too!
well don't call him n bug him cuz he might say ur eazy!
Basically speaking, we'd do anything for the other person.
then girl make your bed rock as hard as you can!!
If you are married, NO.....just isnt right....would you like your spouse to cheat on you
its possible that you have nothing to do with this .
Tell her , about how guys are born.
then girl make your bed rock as hard as you can!!
If you are married, NO.....just isnt right....would you like your spouse to cheat on you
given on the family member, sorry.
its possible that you have nothing to do with this .
Tell her , about how guys are born.
But don't try too hard, girls can always tell and there is nothing more unattractive or repulsing than desperation.
a home boy Have you ever heard of song lovers and friends?
he Well tell you that he like's you
It just looks like the guy has no self-confidence.
I am 13 and just wonderin
no honey, probably not in the long term.
Grrrs are crazy about men, because men are crazy about grammar
have you discuss it with him?
THE ONES THAT HAVE SLEPT AROUND A LOT , ACT AS IF THEY'VE NEVER DONE ANYTHING.
it all depends on the person you have a crush on.
Kissin Another guy is really bad.
Men are dogs . Well , lots of them are NOT ALL
)Look DON'T do it . God Will BE MAD.
Which was a funny course about a dick.
so you can have some type of play back for both your mom and the police.
It seems like they've gotten to an age, where they don't care what people think.
Keep looking and don't give up.
maybe You like me and find that there are too many mean people in the world.
It's not that it's yummy, but it's not so bad !
sure they will!after all , a hottie like u is gettin' married
It is so not worth it!
You're doing a great job already... Tell her exactly what you've told us.
Girls use them 'cause they are safe and you do have 2 make breakfast in the morning!
GIVE HER SOME ROSES AND CHOCOLATES AND JUST KISS HER LIPS.
If he doesnt, at least you are having fun and probably need him anymore.
i jump at what I love and if he falls the same way , then you are cook with gas!
Is there a way to stop this or should I just join the club to make it even?
smell good , look good and have a positive attitude
no one is worth ruining a good relationship!
What will you do if you like somebody,and he/she does not like you back.what will you do.
All He wants you to have sex
use your tongue, but do over crowd the other people 's mouths with it.
black and green = get him an xbox (not 360) and netflix
because you have a higher sex drive , then you need sex more often.
alright Liv Tyler tell Ben Affleck to put that animal cracker in your mouth already!
it's really one of the girls attractions.....
and you are the one, but if not true , do not use it as a line.
PUT IT THIS WAY . If YOU REALLY LIKE HER , GET HER SOME REAL DIAMOND EARINGS.
not one man is the same and because there are so many of us,there are so many different prefferences.
If that doesn't work, get yourself a drug habit..lol
ps - While hes gone, wanna hang out?
Probably because he knows how men are.
i know that we're friends and nothing more ever again.
if so, then see if she's trustful.
If you want to be with him , then don't expect anything out of it.
and Do cover other people 's whole mouths with your lips.
Usually Guys who date a lot have commitment issues.
take good care of yourself yourself because you have something really special
and The best way to find out is to ask him out.
What normal guy wouldn't like a naked girl at home when he walks in the door?
Hey, I'm looking for aliens too!
(sorry, that is the only word I could think of).
I finally said this: Look, there is no way that we will ever be romantically involved.
no one is mr. or ms. perfect.
it's because people find joy when they're having sex?
I firmly believe that even the best of the few good men out there are really jerks deep inside...
or go to yahoo chat, they have an interracial dating chatroom in the romance section.
Guys these days , just value respecting the way they did way back when!
Want 10 points for this
if you want him to go 4 as soon as you see him
Guess what I got and You can't have it is a great attitude to have.
'm sure she knows and always known that someday you would want/need to know.
Well tell him things that actually matter.
You call him your guy friend?
Next time I would go with him.
Don't let anyone else tell you otherwise!
and If he has a rep for cheating , then why set yourself up for heartbreak!
I knew before I ever even spoke with him.
The same way one woman likes pizza and another likes sushi....just personal preference.
She'll just have to get over it.
Its not bad if you like it and nobody actually gets hurt.
Finally, remember that women cheat on men too!
Otherwise ..great he's being honest , but nope , no ring on your hand yet!
When YOU ARE A YOUNG CHILD , YOU KNOW THE DIFFERENCE between LOVE AND HATE.
But I kinda like this other guy in Hawaiia.
Like My mum always told me, Mind your own business.
because you have not met me yet
You probably just pick the wrong woman
ya give up on him girl.. it could probably work out , but it will most likely get ugly...
i'm 27 and my girlfriend is 40 and I do think it 's gonna work.
that true(all those answers up above)!i'm a Russian woman and that is it(thats not why I'm here).
only if he's breathing really heavily
Because that's the way love goes
ya give up on him girl.. it could probably work out , but it will most likely get ugly...
i'm 27 and my girlfriend is 40 and I do think it 's gonna work.
that true(all those answers up above)!i'm a Russian woman and that is it(thats not why I'm here).
only if he's breathing really heavily
Because that's the way love goes
Plus, girls look at other guys too.
The A new place will help a lot.
She grew out of it, I think.
What year did they get married
if they think they are in love , then that is how they feel.i don't know!
you have to say what age/grade you are.
with her charming smile which the man will never find the same
I guess it goes to show that, even if you're not dating, you can still get dumped.
Men are very different, some like breasts, some like butts, some like face only, while others like sluttish looking.
i really like blue but why are they using them in that way ?
depending in the area you are in.
DON'T RETURN UNTIL YOU'VE SOLD 12 PAIRS OF SHOES.
I not sure if we were going to reconcile.
it would be nice..especially if you are asking them to leave for awhile so you can be alone.
Be careful though, she might want to just be friends.
You keep doing what you do.
I wanna come out of this.
is he hot if so heck ya if not no .
just go up to him and ask him what I did to ask my girlfriend
i am not saying your mom will not believe you , but there could be a chance that she won't.
if that does work , practice talking with one of your girlfriends that you really trust.
and if so , do you think it is possible to ever feel that strongly about anyone ever again?
And know that eventually, things are going to be ok, even if that moment looks far away right now.
The Best way, is to spend time with all three of you.
the 11th finger for a boy, and on your thumb for a girl.
So try to spend time really talking with her.
with someone you love , it can be very special.
He says he is in love with me.
thier very deep feelings that we can't control!
- having a girlfriend while hating people?
but his girl (my friend)just broke up with him.
we do not want to continually be hurt!
do worry if your boyfriend loves you just the way you are!
go get yourself some and find out.
Good luck, you already godn'thave anything to lose
Want to hang out on Saturday night??
stalk them back or confront them
all we need is some good dick and they can go on their way
ask her if she feels , if you then keep what you feel . 2 urself!
and remember there is the right person out for you
There There are a few other objectives on earth.
ur guess is as good as mine
lololololol just tell her she is too fat to fuck
so he could be ugly but treat her like a queen.
There are so many things as to why people cheat.
We really love each other though, What should I do?
No, and you should not be.
b4 he gets out of control
Do you even want a date exclusively?
they badmouth others only to hide their own imperfections.
( in my opinion) I do want to feel like a child...
Leave him, get on with it.
something you will learn when you grow up
BECAUSE of THE WAY THEY WERE RAISE..........
playing games is the worst thing to do when you really care about someone.
What do women really want from men?
You shouldn't care about what people say and as long as she is happy.
probably because you think in a gay way, act in a gay way...and you like it
or have kids with?....people like that is so ignorant and needs to get a life
Some men are able to manage them, some aren't or don't think it is worth the bother.
Especially if the guy eats lots of fruits.
hey it 's always good to be on ur b/f buddies good side!
buddy women do know what they want.
If you have to ask, you haven't.
when you go girl , you can show you two side.
dont be surprised if ur women thinks ur so amazing that ur going to leave her.
but if he is sweet , he gets sweet in return
older if you're trustworthy, responsible, & mature...18 years
If you really care about the girl , then why the heck not?....
START SEXY SMILES WITH THE GIRL NEXT DOOR AND you WILL FIND YOURSELF BEING HER CENTRE OF ATTRACTION
I get drunk and stoned and forget about work.
Pray and ask God WHAT TO DO?
if she's really romantic with you to then fine .
in the love & romance sector b'coz no one answered me . b4 I put it in the news&events sector .
Chances are she already knows and just can't find the motivation.
If he love's you He will not have sex . 5.
Go out there and find yourself a fine lady.
THEN IF SHE THAT DUMB , you do NEED HER, EVEN IF SHE is HOT!
it's been very interesting and entertaining so far!
Marriage can cost a lot of money!!!!!
i still regret it and wo put myself in that postion again.
Obviously, if my life was on MTV, id be f*ked too.
;-) And hey, you can always call her on her staring problem.
If she still doesn't want to do anything...get out now.
lol well from experience, asking gets you nowhere.
The Dude is a control freak.
This place turns a lot of guys on...
if the person rejects you just always remember things that happen for a reason.
ya I think some of my friends are jerks because they think about the opposite .
There are plenty of fish in the sea.. Keep looking
My dad's side is really fun to hang out with, and my mom's side is always unpleasant.
buy him a slinky or play-doh.
kiss him on the tip of his manhood.
IF HE DOESN'T RETURN, THEN HE WAS NEVER YOURS.
You can tell if you really love that person . Open up your eyes.
anyways, I think that guys would do that only if they felt threatened(ex.
Talk To Her With them seeing you.
you ca say for certain he is cheating on you.
not if that's the color you dye your hair!
In Finally , If he is the right BOY , you two will know it and hook back up.
Get a girlfriend and move on!!!
you could well look like bill gates.
And yes, girls usually like it, they say !
There Lots of people like me at school.
Guys like myself are good guys who the bad boys don't have the guts to mess with.
maybe you could sit down with her and try to work things out.
I walked in on Kim kissing another girl.
its like your asking why is life unfair?
somewhere where you can talk, and there are plenty of other people around (so that she feels safe).
(IE, Russians wear their wedding bands on their right ring finger)
If he takes his time , You should be fine .
the Guys who act like jerks do last long.
also if he cheers you up if you sad
one, and make it very pretty
If you feel it is a ploy , then don't bother.
just come out and ask them.
YOU KNOW HOW BACK IN SCHOOL you HAD THAT STATUS AND you DIDNT WANT TO lose IT?
I'm just hoping it's not anywhere close to now.
because if he likes you due to the effort you exerted, you won't be happy.
Good looking or not a woman looks for the heart!
Stay with him , then go on Jerry Springer.
it hard to find someone that is completely for you , So when you find them , you ca help but love them.
if you were in your parents ' family place , what would you do???
thank you all who answer me!!!
Anyway... That stuff is usually good.
because your heart tells you so, and you can feel it inside your heart.
Ok, that will be $8 please.
Yes you will if you get connected to me
NO ONE deserves some pinhead yelling at them.
For girls, and I am a girl, it was uncomfortable.
Don't let someone walk on you.
The ones that do it isn't because they don't like money, but because they make a choice.
Only some idiot redneck would want a girl because her breasts are big or whatever.
I I I n't feel bad about it though .
like dress nice or something . Just tell me
you're too lazy to get out and meet?
that just makes it worse for the one involved.
and have a couple buddies that married older woman
if you are 25 years old it,s not OK, but if you are 80 years old.........
do put your life in a situation you will regret!
What were you doing around a brothel??
i you know any of his info u can look him up some other way...but damn girl,u fucked up
well, dating any race for that matter is not that important.
your ring finger on the left hand.
then find 1, she wo just fall from the sky... ask somebody out.
i hope that it helps you a lot.
If YOU CAN'T OR DON'T WANT TO REPORT HIM , THEN DON'T.
Why do guys lie about it?
(trying to keep this clean here).
thats Y guys get so frustrated . They are not as smart as us to fully comprehend!
But I will tell you a little secret...
When men have sex , it's just that sex.
because , just like me, they long to be close to you
NATURALLY, GUYS ARE MORE TURNED ON BY WHAT THEY SEE.
love = opposite sex friendship - same sex (switch if gay)
everyone says that he still loves me and wants me back... I do know what to do
Spoiled Women are a lot of fun when you give 'em what they want and then some.
Wow, what kind of women are you hanging out with?
My friend caught him sleeping around last fall.
I did and it hurts me every time I see this girl with her boyfriend.
+ let him go, go out w/ someone in your own grade.
it nice to really know him/her in person to make sure that he/she is not fooling around.
love makes us all do dumb things . Trust me I know.
just find a girl that looks nice who you can be open with
The way I see it, if you guys are meant to be then you will be.
they ca depend on their bf or gf 4 Everything wants happen the other person dumps them?
He even gave me diamond earrings-but now he wo talk to me, I feel rejected.
SO I WOULD NOT WORRY ABOUT IT UNLESS YOU SEE SOME WRONG DOING IN THE FRIENDSHIP.
it It , It just seems like you are ready then.
if you do that- you'll score big points w/ him!
stop looking for her... she'll find you
If I were you (and I am not) I would not change a thing.
try telling her how you feel and bying her things
plus you love HIM and are with HIM now , not the others.
like what are they really about life ?
Right now , you are probably feeling lust.
Depends on what you call cheating...
you will know when you find it.
I have no idea what a delmarva is...
Just tell him like it is.
so it is only 50% foolish proof.
If you really love the girl, you won't be afraid to meet her parents.
and staying home for a little time to myself.
Do you not like being gay?
I usually don't spend more than about $20-30 if I can, because a.)
Attention, lot of it is very important!
no grrr wants a guy with dandruffy, stink hair!
She is like My sister and I love her a lot , but I do know How to deal with this.
Don't worry, you're not alone there (hee hee).
spill it . I just did and it went great .
It's hard , but hang on in there.
Relaity, If it's like men , it varies.
If you want her to do more things in bed than let her know.
so no use putting an age limit etc.
The guy always thinks the girls love him.
maybe it was only lust and not love to start with.
you picked the wrong guy.. and usually guys are jerkz.. lol they never really pay attention to you
if she is not that close to you, a necklace would be better.
I'M DOING SOMETHING WRONG... SOMETHING DIRTY ..
Find a girl who you love a lot.
Ask him how it all going.
you out how she was before you married her and now you want to use that as an excuse???
Please talk 2 me in Arabick if you want , thx
you might bleed a little your first time
A WOMAN...At least in my case!!
ONCE A CHEAT, ALWAYS A CHEAT!
then wait for her reaction and carry on with what she said
(** )<| Dead Fish Ollec, the Fish Slayer
only he texts her just friends . He says men lie .
And I think , I don't need to say why .
I feel like I 'm being too romantic with my girl and I think that might scare her off
you are a diamond in the ruff and she would be crazy to let you go!
if you find one , let me know where and if she has a sister.
Be sure that he knows, you like him, but don't be stupid(!)
you will know and if you are young , YOU BOTH have your whole life in front of you!!
Do something really rude to the guy(not to yourself)
Uhhhh.... no cause 2 much of an age difference DDDDUUUUUUHHHHHHH!!!
Too bad you lived in New England about 400 years ago...
I just want my kids in a shelter.
hey my e-mail is pyro_97531@yahoo.com are you really gonna e-mail me ?
Please, once you find out, tell my wife!
Or are you a non-Mormon trying to find others like yourself?
relax... Oh, make sure the guy wears a condom.
Play a game on Yahoo Games.
If not , I would say you really don't have much to lose . Obviously you are not that happy.
depends on how old you are!
But guys and girls CAN be friends without sexual attraction.
I can't win no matter which way I turn.
I get upset if I ask for a candy bar and he asks what kind....lol!!
Us guys are dense sometimes (well ok most of the time).
GIVE HIM A PEDICURE OR FEED HIM SOMETHING SEXY . GET Zane BOOK
first, you kick him to the curb.
as often as you want, without going broke.
She said she hated me for awhile.
i gotta be the worst daughter.
ain't nothing more than a man like some good sex
there is no rule book when it comes to love!
love is right or wrong in life .
I just can't... (rubs forehead) ... understand the way my own gender rationalizes things sometimes.
Go to your nearest military post/base!
same way you survive a cold,plenty of rest,and juice
maybe You should take some time to grow up.
It It takes time to forget someone.
When you do not have to ask.
Maybe he/she looks like a bird house ^_^
plz help him 20 years old .
If she really likes you, she won't care how much you spend, and b.)
Don't use a pick up line on a woman.
i'm gonna need more details to decide that.
If you don't know either of them , I say keep quiet.
stop and look at the situation!!
Sometimes she misses me like Crazy?
well It depends where you want the meat.
good answer, definitely shows her that you care, but don't act impressed
I take it , you mean the two of you used to be together and now you are not.
thats how 'm gonna break it to you.
Not only am I slim, smart and foxy, I HAVE A ST.BERNARD THAT SPEAKS French!!
Girls love that kind of a guy.
But that is to be expected and is a good thing.
love implies respect, but if you cheat , you respect neither her nor you.
Also, just try talking to him more, especially if you guys have some interests in common...good luck :)
be friendly , keep your mouth shut and be a strong and silent dude
If this person is a life - long acquaintence then there is no doubt.
women are the deep dark devils of this world.
Honey, not all women are like that.
Actually I think they should always pick up the tab . Maybe thats just a southern thing
he's the word of your mouth
2. Yes he is especially if she asks him to stop and he does not.
for guys , it's really important to look good.
Yell at the dog, luv tha grrrs!
If you ask , Should I dump my boyfriend?
But my x-b/f cheated on me!
because People like to see others miserable when they are
if you are asking am I a 100% perfect son?-yes&no.
ofcorse its true , girls are all trying to test their men to see if they see another woman.
he will never say that again.
take her to a clothes store and ask the assistant for the fatass section
tell her before he does some serious damage
do things yourself for you until he is ready.
i never making the 1st movie , I need to fight to keep women away from me.
My dad is always supportive no matter what.
We love corny stuff, so don't worry that it's too weird.
'cause they both have sex friends basically whoever they see that they like... they will hump... that 's why.
Love is a very deep word , so is hate.
How can a shy guy start making a girlfriend
And willing to meet her half way!
do try it unless you have met this person because anything could happen over the internet
horn dog...my fantisy is two guys and me
i Herad that green is a horny color!
Elijah wood because he has an amazing eye's!
promise him , You won't tell your mom or dad and , if you have to, earn his trust.
Get a girlfriend and try with her.
You got to love to hate, and so on.
My sister did that a lot too.
Even if you don't believe in God , you can still read it.
IF you GET SLAPPED,SHE IS NOT INTERESTED in ASH.
and your girlfriend/boyfriend knows you're that type , then it is not cheating...
The It is about interacting with the person you love
maybe she sobered up and realised she was ugly when she wasn't drunk *wink*
...I am no longer my own but yours.
If you have to ask how you know, they are not.
:) Actually, honesty is the best way.
Thats some bull, She getting waxed every night homeboy.
Don't ask for forgiveness, women don't forgive.
you making your own decisions , Just worry about it .
and you'd get more agitated if they persisted.
then, you e-mail me so we can talk.
two outta three aint bad, little Cuzin :-)
he's got a problem, same thing happens to me even after one beer, I know what a wuse!!
If I just like boinking you and you like boinking me , then it 's all about boinking ain't it?
I met 2 guys online and they both went down hill .
He will look at you a lot.
it happens, once in a lifetime, twice if you are lucky.
Only if you get his wife's permission first.
If she can't skate, it's even better.
Heck, I don't even think one can even SPELL <
Sexiness is just a thing that can help the person you love tobecome more inlove with you
So what if she doesn't look like a runway model?
maybe start walking with her regularly
ask for it very nicely or give her foreplay , so a good shell begs you for it .
people always like dreams rather than reality , does n't it not?
The guy who can also play with a girl 's feelings if he is intelligent .
I want a person that I can trust.
How bad does she want sex?
Oh and never make her pay the bill . lol [jk]
When you always think about that person
Damn That could have become me.
you can always do fall colors (lead with red but also oranges, yellows, browns, etc).
Does he find ways to touch you?
If she is hanging with them a lot . She might be trying to make you jealous.
If you are in love , you know it, if not you know it.
If you asked when, I say never...but then you're asking how...you have to pay I guess .
I find true love and I hate being away from him.
As with the yahoo ad... WHO CARES!!!??
Girl, you are like flour....I knead you.
if it doesn't work out, you're not a lot of dough.
Once a cheater , always a cheater
Try to make it a fancy restaurant.
THAT IS ALL THAT IS OUT THERE ARE STUPID GUYS.
but it doesnt have to be as great and pretty as your dinner.
it's like asking why we hate. It
because if a man treats me bad , he can kiss well , you know.
The best would be to move on...it isn't always easy...
If it does, I would like to know it myself!
i think that will be cool!
You gotta make a tough call.
What is it with guys and breasts?
it better not to do it.
Even saying something in the wrong tone.
Or just send him a note on a holiday!
be glad he is being honest with you and telling you instead of lying on you.
Its like being in love with love.
you're best and only girl friend should be your wife.
Fighting for freedom and yet the one person they should trust stabs 'em in the back!
New love equals new life.....Even friends and family love can help a little ;)
just jokingly, but that's just me.
i think I've seen it on t.v.
This boy is my worst enemy, but he has the biggest crush on me ever!
i would have got some issues behind that...he should be leaving his underwear around and real men were boxers .
it could also be not his sexule preff you might do the mature thing and privatly ask him.
It'll make you look like a devil worshipper or something!
And do forget to keep eye contact!
and When you see him , you will know.
just show him what you really feel , be honest .
GOODLUCK and remember it is a NEW YEAR . Make it a good one!
Well If he is just now getting his Divorce , then he was NOT YOUR man.
I I I am currently waiting and I 'm a guy.
Don't know never had ruff sex!
or black dresses with deep red flowers - depends on how casual or formal your wedding is.
lol.. so yeah.. size matters, but it does have to be huge, just least average!
(work, play, education, whatever you do).
2-always be ready to try something new 3-spend more time together...go on dates
I really don't want surgery but I'm at my wit's end.
If you know the guy is being abusive.
Having Your fast cream or candy available is always sexy and tasty.
Love is crazy... and I LOVE IT!
A little more than a friend , but with a whole lot less meaning.
A kind compliment.........taking her to lunch.......doing things that show her exactly how much you love her.
(and you know what I mean).
Never have ONLY ONE girl spinning.
And it's not like they are ALL THAT.
Browse yahoo personals...that's where I met my husband.
because we didn't try being married
No because women don't appreciate a man just taking care of her.
thats the difference in life between men and women.
And then get mad when you don't want anything more to do with them?
he is the one who screwed up...kill it, its not LUV..ITS ur ego.
If he's messing around behind your back, and you don't like it, just dump him.
Sweetie, you ca be in love with someone you don't know.
stayed friends -thats all- for 6 years
by expressing ur 'communications' with another 'miss' :)
THEY MUST HAVE something GOING ON!
Maybe You have just bored him to death
when kissing breath hard and bit their lips gently
i dunno...if classmates do work . Then I dunno.
married and with a beautiful old. man
Well, you know how it is with guys wanting to stay on top of it all, right?
This works pretty good too (she won't think your player).
As you grow up date many girls and get lots of experience, Good Luck!!
I know if a woman climaxes with me, she probably wasn't with me.
But it's bad if you go too fast.
NOW YOU KNOW THAT CHICKS DIG TALKING...SO, GOOD LUCK!
(I'm still the horny guy she married):-(
now , once they conquared one, they move on to one another.
IF HE RETURNS, THEN HE'LL STAY 4
Make it romantic, unless you know full well she DOES NOT like romantic things.
Even if other people feel it is wrong , who cares about them?
a bundle kisses with red rosees.
someone to insist ,to come along with during my life.
What happens if you get caught?
i have tried everything because I 'm very sexual.
im more sexual than my husband. 's
ask yourself: Does he look at you differently than your other guy friends?
ur lucky that you have friends.
well it is fault in the first place.
coming from a guy he probably has someone else and is using you as a friend w./ benefits
i would have to say YES!!
love do have an age minimum!
haha Talk to your husband, don't cheat.
for women to do rather than men!..
i would take my wife out every other week.
( although that's good, too! )
I THINK THAT PUTS A WOMAN IN A POSITION TO RECEIVE A LOT OF CRITICISM
man is Jesse Mccartney, and the girl is a brilliant spears.....
(as much as I want my gal to be that special)
Smart girls are fun to hang out with ... Smart girls are sexy.
Get dressed up and go to a nice place and see how he reacts.
Don't do things that you dislike just to impress a girl.
worse.....cause the courts would be full of couples gettin divorced...
k..we get the fresh breath thing.
And I care about him a lot... and I cheated on Darryl with Lou.
Because he's getting mad at me because I make more
its OK, because the older girls have more experience of sex and they can better satisfy you
You never really know whats going to happen unless you try...
All you have to do is look!
That but I hope you good luck.
You could just smell his dick.
Don't forget, women go grey too!
Not right then, but after a few days.
well, do tell her to get over herself!!!
It worked for me (I got her phone number) then asked her out.
good for him, but aren't you going to be there??
There are many things that bother you , so try to bother them.... love is just one among many!!!
colors I would avoid - pinks, purples, pastels.
OTHERWISE GO ON THE WEBSITE THAT HE IS ON AND REPORT HIM AS AN ABUSER.
There got to be a lot of guys out there who woes her.
I found mine...it just took the courage to leave & believe I deserve better!
you might have to look for larger built women.
I do really know but that sucks.
Aww dang I know I forgot to do something!
Good Luck.....I think women are smarter than that...LOL
some like it big, some like it small and some even like both.
umm maybe an expensive drink to have a good time
do the ring bearers walking before the flower girls?
maybe when the children are old enough to be a ring bearer/flower girl
I hear some people play sport on weekends though.
Black men are beautiful....Keep I'm sure all women in MN arent like that.
i still love him , but I dotn show it.
I told her she and he were full of it.
You should enjoy it too!
NOT all men but some do.
some win and some lose, yet it is how you deal with it that matters
I don't think it stands for anything.
Who told you that men don't look for a relationship?
If he loves you so much . That won't matter.
Some women are just that way.
but I was so flattered by this younger woman advancing my physical willpower just n't there.
depends if you are a jerk to them face
(I, guessing that what you had in mind?)
yea...you should ask her out...and since ur already friends....there is a better chance that she will say yes.
so everything you listed, if you mean a glance as in lust.
Do all of us a favor, though...TAKE THIS PERSON DOWN!
But never give a lady yellow roses-those are for your sick grandmother!
and how do I tell my viego?
So Anyways this guy tried kissing me.
to Some it is like scotch whiskey...you have to develop a taste for it.
because he wants to look at your ass and he doesn;t like you 4 who r.
and why would I want a GIRL to be my BOYFRIEND???????!!!!!!
Is she willing to come to me?
Depending on who she is, she might like some other stuff...
Your personal disease can not be that low.
Keep your hair combed and look people in the eye.
though After a while , she really needs to have a good personality.
if you are a teenager old and go to a predominantly black high school.
no, unless you count what was in my thoughts.
a sad Christmas.. like if you're not with your loved ones.
Rip the band-aid off, as they say.
and On the other hand , a slim and over - sized doesnt look impressive.
For pregnant woman... it helps them a lot because it makes it easier to have their baby.
Maybe He wants to cool things down a bit.
Does he ever say I love you without you saying it first?
Don't mess with things if he has a girlfriend.
But DEFINITELY call him and tell him immediately that this is bothering you!
Maybe a holiday kiss would do?
Otherwise, just buy lotion, perfume, or body wash stuff like from Victoria Secret...every girl likes that!!!
If I love her , then I dont want anyone else really.
we're not complicated...were just beyond your knowledge of understanding!
This man is all about himself!
you wouldn't want to be branded as a racist, right?
Otherwise, just buy lotion, perfume, or body wash stuff like from Victoria Secret...every girl likes that!!!
If I love her , then I dont want anyone else really.
we're not complicated...were just beyond your knowledge of understanding!
This man is all about himself!
you wouldn't want to be branded as a racist, right?
I know exactly what you mean about black guys.
IF YOU THINK HE'S CHEATING , HE PROBABLY IS.
But One thing to remember is that you get what you pay for!
You must be a hot guy.
Now that song will be in my head all day!!
im talking about that emotional bull crap.
as soon as he knocks someone up , It's over.
eat a light drink , a little smile and sleep , then you dream of this woman
if you really love her, you should stay strong.
If You are a mature person , just ask him.
Yeah, sorta what Fallon Chambers said.
haha, yea if they are pot heads :-D
IF SHE DOESNT KNOW YOU , THEN WHY do YOU TELL HER WHO YOU ARE?
don't ever lose hope because they are just around.
I HOPE SO:) am NOT THAT OLD . I ONLY 21.
people cheating for all different reasons....some still love their partner but just can't seem to stop sleeping around.
She went off on me by saying that I lied.
Excuse me, it sounds like she needs to get rid of you, thats B.S.
There's lots of good women , men just tend to overlook them.
The WIFE OR CHILD BEATING IS REPULSIVE AND HAS TO BE DEALT WITH.
...if you're the single guy she's complaining to, well - this all sounds great.
he didn't really care for you and he finally found his way out..
Don't feel awkward not talking...they are just being sad and thankful that you 're there with them.
im not talking about gifts here.
That means that Bob's friends can not ask you out, or date you (even if YOU chase them).
Not if you keep looking under the couch
If a man is too big, it freakin hurts!
you have to walk into it like you have nothing to lose!
if they are mean, they might hate you forever.
just cuz they're a guy doesn't make them obsessed.
You don't have committment problems, you just haven't found a guy that is on your level.
you HAVE TO ROAM OUTSIDE , , ca FIND ANY 1 SITTING IN your HOME .
and are they willing to change...
Trust me, I've met a LOT of girls off of the internet.
like when you want her to be u gf
Only you can ever know what your dreams mean.
in case of guys, guys like big(er) breasts.
If true love existed , Why do so many soldiers cheat and get cheated on?
you can buy perfume for him or you can ask him what he likes .
if they like each other.NO PROBLEM
Make sure you are completely shaved (NO STUBBLE!)
Don't date dumb or evil women and you're golden.
(you do want her married to a nice man, right?)
It means she wants to go to a friggin movie!
ofcourse, you take care of how you look.
well, first of all, do have sex with him anymore, act cold.
and actually, figured out that you really do love your man.
a Husband, a Boyfriend, that can provide & support her ... SEXUALLY & FINANCIALY!
For a dear lover, get her lylacs or johnson grass or something like that.
You can never rush or ever feel obligated 2.
It's OK to separate the two.
I have no friends male or female because he does trust them.
in short , it's all about self confidence.
well short answer : I think I did obay my parents!
but lots are and if he was cheating then he's not worth jack
that way , you wo be alone in this.
Yes , most boys always have sex on their minds.
they do know how to get these feelings across without...acting like a little child
That's what I want in a man!
If you would then try asking him to have dinner.
and On the other hand , you know your husband well.
Well..You will have to ask a lot of people.. and get a lot of different answers...
But she sat and thought about how things could be if I had never told her.
But really, and I know this sounds bad, but it depends on your man's SIZE.
omg that makes me pissed...i myself have dated a black guy and there is NOTHING wrong with it!
Yes there are many , but all guys are not the same . The best thing to do is ask them
i find my love....but I wanna know what people think love is.
ok I've struck out many times by doin' this .
So LOOK WHAT I'm DOING NOW??
I never talked about herself , but she did a lot with me .
Sensitive Guys have trouble approaching girls , so fewer of them have girlfriends.
so what is there to be worried about?
Or maybe you need to take more baths?
i do miss him though...i miss how he used to hold me and never leave my side.
If you just want to have sex , go for it, but if you want something more!
I love him , but I know I would be better.
Some guys go through with it, some guys don't.
Honey, baby, sweetheart... you are being played.. BAD!
just do do it . Its a stupid thing to do and everyone gets hurt and offended.
or I'm kissing you, not him, so shut up already.
Sometimes I go off just because I hear my wife is getting into it.
and how you project that to girls.
classic red dresses with mango calla lillies as flowers.
Does he do things you ask him to do without the expectation of him actually doing it?
But don't overdo it, the brooding thing I mean.
it never hurts to just ask him to hang out
It just depends on the dude , actually
You just started hanging out, spending time together.
Some ppl are worth sacrificing everything for...others aren't.
becuase he wants to smell what you had for dinner...if you are smart enough to figure that one out
Is it true that once friendship becomes more, it is hard to go back to being just friends???
its like he wants a no - strings relationship.
online , you can say whenever you feel without inhibitions.
Why When you get married , women want to start comming on to you What it is all about.
AKA: have fun with other men.
Start exerising, ex's hate to see the ones they dumped looking good.
I mean, you are not the town gossip for nothing.
Your a man now and you want a woman to keep you warm.
TELL SOMEONE SO IT DOESN'T KEEP happening
you guys are bitchs, what is so bad about her writing?
16 for girls, 17 for boys.
White Guys don't even LOOK at me anymore.
its not the love that doing the hurting... it 's the person you are expecting it from
but everyone is different and it's something you have to discuss with her.
woman don't play with men 's feelings.... men just don't listen.
rent her it's cheaper on your soul!
you could call him up to c how he is doing
its also the pride thing, he wo let you have your way...ever.
for a good name is Foxy, that makes a person feel sexy.
What is it with guys and breasts?
you'd be getting a lot of replies that would say: Why do men cheat?
good q, good and so far.
you are gonna leave him) and they gotta make you wanna stay!
he has to spend all his time caring for his child now.
if you ask me for you to say that you need excitement.. Are you fulfilling your wife's needs??
Dress nice but not sexy at first.
atleaset twice a month . The rest of the time , we both make dinner or go to a friend 's house .
just go with the flow when you are talking to the person you like or love.
flirt with the cutest guy in the room
then , if none of these are , sit down and talk to her.
you can buy condoms basically anywhere.
tell her friend and more then like her friend will blab to her.
first off , non-bitches girls who arent into themselves prudeness or (self control) honesty , non - judgmental easy going
What exactly is it any way?
Because girls often don't know what they want.
because it is all about a mind connection... and the communication problem is solved... is more free.
we were assoc at my job and I knew him well . b4 he approached me w/this.
What exactly is it any way?
Because girls often don't know what they want.
because it is all about a mind connection... and the communication problem is solved... is more free.
- When you get the courage to ask some girl.
we were assoc at my job and I knew him well . b4 he approached me w/this.
now we don't have much time.
cause they r people with more money.
Just rent a girly porn movie !
Don't believe his crap for a second.
go effectively and talk.. After there is always a first time when you talk to a person
Sorry I could not help much .
seemed to be interested, but how do I know?
Love is something that is worth running all life after and dies for...
And He said bye and hung up.
I mean, was it an affair (i.e.
What the hell is wrong with people????!!
take it from a chick...i know these things .
suicide yourself after asking your wife , hehe:)
do listen to them GO FIND HER and make hot sexy love to her . That 's what she wants!
In Finally is it really worth seeing things like I am?
Yeah guys are really strange aren't we?
If you have to ask, then you are not!!
LoL, What would be wrong with that?
3. Does he truly love you for who you are?
If he has trouble getting a job there, has family here he doesn't want to leave, etc.
Yeah guys are really strange aren't we?
If you have to ask, then you are not!!
LoL, What would be wrong with that?
3. Does he truly love you for who you are?
AND told ME SHE WOULD HAVE NOTHING TO SMILE ABOUT ANY MORE AFTER I DO.
Give yourself time to get over him and get on with your life.
I feel like I dont want to be with anyone else.
(and I say that means no offense.)
Once a cheater, always a cheater.
well The moral issues shouldn't be a problem.
yes , but its really whats on the inside that counts
try this , have him be the house dad and you work.
I prefer Blondy with a brunette redhead
THATS THE BEST THING YOU CAN DO FOR HIM RIGHT NOW.
It's just people, grrs & boyz.
And who knows, If you like it, try it...
What are the right words that I should say to this kind of man?
But he has to make his own mistakes.
Kids have a funny way of picking up on things that are going on.
Well... mom always taught me to never get mixed up with a girl who already had kids.
Men think that love = sex and some men are not comfortable with that.
i letting a guy know and leave the rest up to him.
i think she's using you for your dick and likes women.
Or is it true once a cheater is always a cheater?
The website NewFriends4U.com is a good start though
JUST BE THERE FOR HIM AND GIVE HIM YOUR SUPPORT.
do waste time with a girl who is basically playing you.
Get some gift for her which she really likes in her life...
Or is it true once a cheater is always a cheater?
The website NewFriends4U.com is a good start though
JUST BE THERE FOR HIM AND GIVE HIM YOUR SUPPORT.
do waste time with a girl who is basically playing you.
Get some gift for her which she really likes in her life...
i'm sure you'll find someone worth talking to anyway!
Ask, what does the other person have that I don't?
you do ,they tell you they are
if you want , you can mail me also
Now 'm trying to become friends with the new kid . What should I do?
But.. That is just what guys do.
U will not be dating HER.
go, hug him/her, and say....i love you darling.
i want him back , but I do know how to ask.
Feed him Italian food, get him slightly inebriated, take him where *you* wanna go.
Does he seem controlling if he wants to do all this??
If it ever happens again . leave & look back.
Tell her what your hopes and dreams are for the two of you in the future.
could be a whole host of things!
I think you can flirt unintentionally, , but if it purposfully I think not OK!
You just know, it feels right.
WE ONLY HAVE ENOUGH BLOOD TO WORK ONE HEAD AT A TIME
You should try touching her or hugging her a little more!!!
If she blows you off without a chance, chances are she isn't worth it anyway.
i do know, but I really do like them.
i do think so...its really all the same
thats OK , relationships fail and you get some experience for when you try again.
becaue you see yourself - wise and never make mistakes .
You NEED TO SIT DOWN AND REALLY TALK ABOUT IT.
A promise ring doesn't fix anything up for real... keep trying the Best of luck .
anywhere that fits the mood...want it..do it!
when My wife and ex - brother - in-law were friends and grew up in school.
she has her child alive and for money , She lies that her son is dead.
And remember to write it down this time!
My best friend is a girl.
anywhere that fits the mood...want it..do it!
when My wife and ex - brother - in-law were friends and grew up in school.
she has her child alive and for money , She lies that her son is dead.
And remember to write it down this time!
My best friend is a girl.
My wife is driving me crazy.
a guy writing this . It should make you think.....
just remember it takes two to play tango
not totally committed...meaning your having an affair?
If he is a guy, he has been thinking about sleeping with you for 5 or 6 years.
act supercool . Do not play hard to get.
There are ways around a cheating husband; believe me , I KNOW!
im SOOO... in love with this guy but what should I do???
I don't know why women get with guys that treat them like crap.
This year . I am asking everyone to buy me household things like lumber...drywall....etc.....how old is he?
tell him you like him and hope that he likes you too
women On the other hand , only reach their sexual peak at a much later age...
My wife and I got married this month after meeting online.
Try using pillows (under her butt).
because they look prettier than girls when they try.
when the age difference makes the relationship illegal!
:P And I 'm not even one of those overbaring and controling guys.
The love of parents , especially mothers , is the 'real' thing...so what is that about??
Because they mostly use yahoo for chat purpose.
Then I don't go back there again.
They can't get that if a man makes too little money.
feelin' guilty about it , so just follow your instinct, ok. Good luck.Another thing, that prob.
But I have to agree, they are not men, they are still boys!
Do I diserve your love ??
Same difference.....Don't believe it, it's BS.
Look If you are like most people , you really don't have the money to spend anyway.
forget him if he doesnt luv you
It matters what your lover thinks.
It Most likely she isn't into you.
Love is not lust , but it sure does bring it on.
I would be happy to pray for you sincerely
If you're happy and don't want the tax breaks for kids, etc.
and last but sertanly , not least , has to love God!
if you are doing it because you feel pressured or something like that, run the other way!
Having some control is good, but too much is BAD!
If you are a guy , then you are gross.
Any way, Who cares I would like you any way even if it was past your sholders !!
yes I think it is wrong.
i've been in a situation like this before.
Your girlfriend would be upset too if you had a girl pick you up!
because most hot girls are idiots and just don't know it yet
My advice is to cool it and try to stay with one.
So you also like that .
Personaly I would say though... BALD AND PROUD!
It sounds weird if you take it seriously
Now I have a very nice husband of 13 years .
So you also like that .
Personaly I would say though... BALD AND PROUD!
It sounds weird if you take it seriously
Not someone else, even if they are worth it.
Now I have a very nice husband of 13 years .
it's the only thing that you know is going to happen in your life for sure
Now I feel like we are not friends any more.
Girls want that challenge the same for a guy too.
Then yes, we ain't gonna get it.
it's the only thing that you know is going to happen in your life for sure
Now I feel like we are not friends any more.
he said 6 I said an hour . he said a month.
Girls want that challenge the same for a guy too.
Then yes, we ain't gonna get it.
no You ca make anyone do anything that you want to do
but I suggest you keep your love in your heart and at least live happily for your family.
I was looking at a guy in my class.
If they come back to you it's meant to be!
Some guys don't like people rushing them.
Lots and lots and lots of hard work.
no you can not cuz it is not strong enough . s p r e m
(If you could, I would've by now)
I'm not happy, everything I try to achieve looks impossible...
If he cheats once, he will surely cheat again.
YOU KNOW YOU GO TO A PARTY AND WE YOU START TO DANCE WITH THEM.
Does he talk badly about his ex?
my My boyfriend of 3 1/2 years cheated.
And I don't mean hair and eyebrows.
a Gurl should like you for being who you are.
All I would have to say is something nice,pretty, and say that you like her a lot
So, that is why they ca profit from it.
doews he wants to be w/ me or are these hints to back off?
Walk up to her and say Hi, I'm so and so.
you met him/her first, made friends with him/her.
Oh, and don't go crazy like Anna Nicole Smith ;) haha.
I guess you care about her, do you.
Take it and run with it........he isn't for you unless you like selfish men.
i mean, I know they are supposed to ply them with Boone's farm.
Why are you in the middle?
Oh, and don't go crazy like Anna Nicole Smith ;) haha.
I guess you care about her, do you.
Take it and run with it........he isn't for you unless you like selfish men.
i mean, I know they are supposed to ply them with Boone's farm.
Why are you in the middle?
I never got to tell him exactly how I felt.
for sex, fat girls will do just about anything you ask, sexual depravity knows no bounds.
not just for yourself , but for the children too.
he doesn't want me to go back.
well you have to let them know you're interested either by telling them or flirting with them.
because a lot of girls nowadays want to be wild , or they want your money lol.
AND SOMETIMES KIDS WANT THEIR PARENTS TO STAY together
You don't know because you don't see what's wrong with you.
you can flirt with me anytime lol
Don't let the spirit of embarrasment to over shadow you talk it out!
because a lot of girls nowadays want to be wild , or they want your money lol.
You don't know because you don't see what's wrong with you.
you can flirt with me anytime lol
till the time they feel to get rid of each other
i think I miss that same party lifestyle , but having never had it . I 'm not sure what I 'm missing.
I asked him if he liked it and fortunately he did.
Movie tickets + popcorn and drinks for 2
the other person climaxes or stops too soon?
i think I miss that same party lifestyle , but having never had it . I 'm not sure what I 'm missing.
I asked him if he liked it and fortunately he did.
CHEATING IS DANGEROUS AND IF YOU STAY , HE'LL KNOW THAT HE CAN KEEP DOING IT .
You are young and will find someone else because you sound like a good, descent person.
If she says it's cool, it's cool.
he talking to me a lot , but I do know what to think
well just talk to her and tell her there is nothing bad about having an orgasm.
Men...SEX and only sex...no room for anything else!
always be gentle, unless she likes it otherwise.
girls, like guys, want what they can't have.
so what you need to do is to tell him exactly how you feel--because he might not know.
Find me with a foreign , American friend.
and that is something that will never change no matter what.
I THINK THAT YOU SHOULD MEET NEW GUYS.
last Monday, she told me she was very sick.
That said, sexuality is not as scary as people think it is.
If you're not willing to discuss it with her, I guess you'll just have to forgive her...
(even if only in their own eyes:)
liz gave you a very good answer .
If we did, you would be cooking right now and not on the internet asking dumb questions!
because the only two are gay.
well What do you want to do?
jus to cover d gals.........they just show I have lots of money.....simple
:) Ask about his life, etc
2. Then you counsult doctor for testube baby.
ITS SO HARD WHEN YOU WEAR YOUR HEART ON YOUR SLEEVE.
Know something It's great to be married & there is a person to share your feelings, love, pain etc...
Even if this is your own mother!
good luck and I hope I helped!!
and give him a friendly little peck on the lips.
At least 16 or possibly older?
Ask her if just being friends online or on the phone is OK, as a friend.
Once again, I do not mean to offend anyone.
l need someone in my life .
i think it 's because you can help others better than you can help yourselves.
You CAN LOVE a lot OF people , BUT you CAN ONLY FALL IN LOVE ONCE
at first , it like yourself floating on clouds and you only see the good things about him/her.
there no way to tell by asking just that question.
It doesn't It really matter what the thought that counts
who knows Maybe he'll end up liking your best friend that thinks she's so hot...
Don't try to guess her feelings.
Of course, you got to do it right, you know.
keep in mind , meaness is often from insecurity...
TO me I do get it.
Marriage vows state that husbands come first.... period.... you know what you gotta do, so do it.
You CAN CERTAINLY FORGIVE, BUT THE HELL IF YOU CAN FORGET
Now I am in 8th grade and he is a sophomore in HS.
I have heard Dr Drew on Love line talk about this one a lot
and I like nice nerdy girls.
For one, props to what Richard said up there.
if he is having sexual problems , he should be talking to you about it, not that other woman.
has he ever lied to you even about little things?
wow Honestly that is your decision , but yeah.....it depends on how far you love her??
i think you should give room to those who love you very much , then you love someone
Maybe he thinks you are a freak or desperate to try to find true love on the internet
plant a bug in his bedroom
n I just dont know whether he ll ever be my guy or not!!
so do waste your time on a woman, move on to another.
Hair is what makes a man sexy.
But if it really bothers you, just talk tohim
The Sorry is the hardest word but gudbye is the very difficult
will If you give her what she wants you know , take her out to a movies,restrarant,hotel and you know.......
take just as much as you give
So I'd just do whatever I want.
E-MAIL ME if am MARRIED:) Jazmin_lucifer@yahoo.com MAKE SURE THAT YOU ASK something
at 20,SHES WAS OR IS A PROFESSIONAL WH***
Or is he just fooling me?
I n't play mind games , but I see some dudes play them and think that they are just dumb.
who do long for physically anyway ... the key thing there is TRUST!
It really doesn't have to be this deep, ya know!
at 20,SHES WAS OR IS A PROFESSIONAL WH***
Or is he just fooling me?
I n't play mind games , but I see some dudes play them and think that they are just dumb.
who do long for physically anyway ... the key thing there is TRUST!
It really doesn't have to be this deep, ya know!
12 is way too young and when you are 12 you might not see that.
(i'm still in High school ~ Thanx ~
Get out before you do something stupid.
My wife is 30 and I'm 38.
yes, although it depends if he might get jealous
this wud make you sooo mysterious to us and we go crazy wondering what's on your mind.
Why dear u dont see Mom Dad loves you
i doubt he lost it or else he would go purchase another one for you...think about it please.
it'll get old for her
Now I am In situatation of do or Die .
Kick his SORRY , you know what to the curb!
If the guy just had a lust for you . He wo even feel a pinch of pain.
0% It's not cheating if its in a different zip code!
because not all of us are like that when we're young.
mbleditor - 2/27/2003 8:13:42 PM Fantasy place to have sex?
Her intensions are not good if she is doing that.
Or you could get him something that he enjoys, like some gourmet coffee...
Why is he a jerk, or why does he like them?
And If he really loved you, he could without good reason.
mbleditor - 2/27/2003 8:13:42 PM Fantasy place to have sex?
Her intensions are not good if she is doing that.
Or you could get him something that he enjoys, like some gourmet coffee...
Why is he a jerk, or why does he like them?
And If he really loved you, he could without good reason.
HONESTLY We LOVE each other , BUT WE ARE NOT comfortable , HEALTH WISE.
Give your man good oral lafter a chick flick, and he will always go!
you may miss the paradise you left behind you !
Try U2 cds, that 's what I got :)
it means you n't finish what you planned on with him.
HONESTLY We LOVE each other , BUT WE ARE NOT comfortable , HEALTH WISE.
Give your man good oral lafter a chick flick, and he will always go!
you may miss the paradise you left behind you !
Try U2 cds, that 's what I got :)
it means you n't finish what you planned on with him.
It seems like if he said `` do go that you would have gone.
forget that girl and get a better one.
u miss him and still have a crush on him.
but above all, love is something that keeps life going.
trying Yahoo personal since you are a yahoo member already.
Chance is, if you believe she is, then is she probably is?
she was 23 and you were 52 when you got married.
).almost everybody knows- that girl is BAD.
she is still the same girl.
i just think that men and women are equals.
just be the kindest parent to the kid
it may or may not help
13 was too young for me.
Just come out and say it.
Don't cheapen it by picking up lines, and actions or anything else.
do worry some is loving , then you love this girl.
so I want to have fun and do crazy stuff . Ca do that with kids.
Don't you remember your own date of marriage??
My heart wants too , but my head says not either .
I do think you can, 'm sorry
I think I 'm cute..but I'm not out of the closet...
Why would you have to call first?
but first , if your husband does know - tell him - if he does tell him anyways.
Unless the guy doesn't want you to.
not all love is meant to be
I feel horrible, but I don't want to go back into this relationship, but I really feel heartbroken..advice?????????????????????????
and it depends on how old you are.
I like to take him to whatever looks like fun in town.
Let romance takes its course...it does still work!
It hurts... because it's our fault, I mean.
I feel horrible, but I don't want to go back into this relationship, but I really feel heartbroken..advice?????????????????????????
and it depends on how old you are.
I like to take him to whatever looks like fun in town.
Let romance takes its course...it does still work!
It hurts... because it's our fault, I mean.
and you'll know when you are ready!
Basically, be careful & don't let him&#92;her interupt your work duties & you SHOULD be fine.
The key is practice and get confidence so that you dont mess up with the one you want.
there isn't one answer to this question.
So I just don't do it.
and you'll know when you are ready!
Basically, be careful & don't let him&#92;her interupt your work duties & you SHOULD be fine.
The key is practice and get confidence so that you dont mess up with the one you want.
there isn't one answer to this question.
So I just don't do it.
Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is the rhythm Is quite right for you?
no, If it's not a good date, no need to kiss.
ask him to marry you - see what happens!
to hell with that...put your faith in yourself...seek what you desire and demand reciprocity.
Once a cheat, always a cheat!
you have to be married to make a family for your kids..if dad will still stick around.
Or he may act like he loves his kids just to screw you and go on his merry way.
Try to convince her that she is not going to cheat her daughter.
so you need to put out better or do better acts and he will llike you better .
CHECK IT OUT WITH your DOC
the side of your personality , your boys will never see
surprises never seems to work out!
I like a girl touching me.
its actually good to do that.
MEN SHOULD BE a RUGGED, STRONG man
Torn between two lovers?Feeling like a fool?Loving both of them is breaking all the rules!
if you really like her a lot , but first you might want to check her looks
Well, if he can't let go, then you have to let him go.
BECAUSE they HAVEN'T MADE UP THEIR MINDS YET.
They don't sleep with EVERY guy .
Torn between two lovers?Feeling like a fool?Loving both of them is breaking all the rules!
if you really like her a lot , but first you might want to check her looks
Well, if he can't let go, then you have to let him go.
BECAUSE they HAVEN'T MADE UP THEIR MINDS YET.
They don't sleep with EVERY guy .
i get a chance to say good bye , Please someone help me................
just another random person with some useful advice
He probably wants to buy you out with money.
WELL I CAN RELATE TO THAT.
Go all the way , but don't blow your load on one girl.
Thanks your advice on my vacation question!!!
most definitely , not asking for too much.
They should be up by 12/16/2005
And with most guys , they ca tell exactly when something is about to come
If you are my student...um...call me?
You blew it with this one.
it is just nations arguing
Or your Mom asks at Christmas dinner.
if ur a chick and dig chicks
Try to tell her what the other things that concern you about marrying him.
Oh, and if you can cook.
well This depends on the matter.
havent been there , but dude it 's been 3 months already...
Females from other black seem to love...HUH??
should I talk to him, or see if he talks to me?
If he hurt you that deeply twice in one lifetime, that was too much!
I just have to ask this, because I have to know!
tell her . I like you more than a friend . I love you . Will you accept my proposal ?
Don't let go of hope, Hope gives you the strength to keep you going!
This is a frequently asked question on Y!
They will then tell you !
- plus have you thought about your HEALTH???
I like this guy at work a lot.
Then Sometimes she will show what you are missing....like maybe bend over so you can see her butt or something.
THEN DON'T F**K AROUND WITH SOMEONE TO WHOM YOU ARE NOT MARRIED!!
If she's not the right girl, that should be a big clue.
then back to giving her the attention again.
for me I think they are more interested in sex than being loved in adolescence
He's going out with my friend now , but I think there's still a chance!
Must you really ask this question anyway???
Sex is for the married bed only!
ears, women love ears, Do know why
Well,my opinion is if you have trust in your boyfriend,then you wouldn't have to worry about flirtation!
because we ca dance and it is evil to make us dance because we are clumsy and stupid .
just tell him as soon as possible.
don`t rush it . Men don`t like to be rushed on an empty stomac
do DEGRADE YOURSELF , He WITH YOUR FRIEND DO GO BACK FOR LEFT OVER LEFT - OVERS
asking questions ..dont discuss religion..sex..or politics.
SAD BUT Being something you do not is a hard thing to keep going.
its simply , They all think u r sexy and hot.
here a secret THAT MEN HAVE PASSED OIN from GENERATION TO GENERATION.
Well I'll just say this- Keep it real if you guys are always talking just ask.
Your kids come first , no matter how old they are....SUPPORT YOUR KIDS!
Let the guy chasing the girl.
Yes.And whenever I feel like showing love, I kiss her
...or driving you crazy by NOT wanting sex?
people change grl frnds.. every week!
Ha.. good question... now I know what to tell my girlfriend I want.
If he ever had his hair short (like when you first met him?
What I should I do . 've tried something
dsease because I hate to see babies suffer.
Do Do Do you mean the guys you have dated?
Think about yourself first and his feelings second.
However it all depends on the girl.
THey could not wait until they became GROWN.
you already have it in your head to find each person 's faults and downfalls.
i am not even sure if she would like me to ask her or not.
The kind that gets other good things going !!!!!!
Like It is a one - way street.
i l ask her what this proposal is about??
because some sup or vid models like average guys because they keep it real.
it lot better once you relax and just have fun, it is not so serious.
cmon, you will find someone that wants you as yourself
i am pretty sure he is hiding something and he does not want you to know what it is.
definitely taking her to small claims court.
he said he was going back to his home state with or without me.
lol Maybe you should hold your breath when giving a guy head so you don't suffocate.
try talking to one to see if you like them and vice versa.
Hints are BS... Just say what you mean and stop assuming people are getting the hint...
Jeez... this guy could be a fake.
A friend 's mother gave her this advice..be careful who you date, you just might fall in love with them.
Well , the big question that I have is do you work as well?
However You KNOW THAT MEANS GIVING UP your OWN; NO MATTER HOW BAD AND HOW LONG you HURT.
If she does things that you don't like around, quit being her friend.
Your wife and her feelings or a friend?
People don't know because they don't see what you see.
I dun trust and I dun sleep...no way
Probably because no one is there to tell them not to.
is he more friendly and touchy feely with you or is he just that way with everyone.
What the heck is her problem?
And Honestly, why does a guy want a young beautiful woman?
I meeting a girl on the phone, we become very good friends.
Then I got a loaf of bread.
I I I mean I 'm a guy, 'm not judging, but.. what would happen if you asked them the question?
Jokes aside... no reason not to meet unless he is not who he says he is.
u might find out later you lost the perfect one.
Nice guys do like nice girls.
The same things that unattractive women like!
I'm 51 , so it is very hard.But gotta DO IT.
The way I look at it, if it is meant to be its meant to be.
well it is not a turn off if you have children and it is.
If they are in love and there are no showstoppers , then go for it.
meaning, you got her attention , so go and propose!
Take her and run to bed..LOL
it's been like that since day one in my house since both of us work.
spank the monkey if you have to , but remember.
Hit it and move on your tooooo young.
try asking her what she likes.
You just go ahead be proud...She is a Pro player...Merry Christmas
do you two hold a friendship?
do waste time thinking of ur old one
getting around the corner and fill your belly.............booze or food........but as you know, booze is never good.
Then she saw that I did care, so she went for it.
I just admire the woman 's facial beauty and her good looks
How do I make it special?
Did You ever give them a chance?
If you find that guy , you'll be happy and it will last.
make sure u r gonna be able to understand each other
Might intimidate boys, but never men.
my My ex-boyfriend's sister and I used to be really close.
yea it does on my girl
Then WHEN THEY ARE ON THE DANCE FLOOR THEY FEEL INTIMADATED......
let time tell you whether you do or not.
coz he is known to like a girl who is very bad, showy (n fairer than me!!
give them a little bit to disipher that feeling.
Forgive her for what she did to you, get your man, and move on!
whatever happened to prayer in school?
(The funny thing is that I know all these thing,sssss but I don't have a girlfriend.
you haven't found the right one.
the First off, your kids should be your priority.
What kinds of things are you into??
The same way you always have!
If deep down inside he's an a hole , then it might work but it's seldom worth it...trust me
i said I would quit my teaching job and go too.
it all depends on the guy.
mmm.... nice question but you didnt tell you about your character .
If deep down inside he's an a hole , then it might work but it's seldom worth it...trust me
i said I would quit my teaching job and go too.
it all depends on the guy.
mmm.... nice question but you didnt tell you about your character .
Hrm.. Why not be friends with him and just be friends.
I had trouble with girls in the past, so if you can help me out...it would be nice.
no, he doesnt love you beyond your body.
never stop smiling, because you never know who's falling in love with your smile!
Am I going to get hurt?
u can start with a punch line.
there is a generation gap between the 2 of you.
Why n't you ask her out?
also , when they have very sexual realtions towards each other , then they are lesbian!!!
The most important thing is dont give up!!!
But reality is, that it would be like dating your mother.
What if the guy turns out to be a total jerk?
it seems he does care.... if I were in your shoes, do the same way...
So, how do I start ?
Once more into the breech my bro!
It's like having your cake and eating it too.
...I'm going with One's answer....vote for One vote for One
it is not always true though.
if you meet and know him well /for a long time, you could do it.
well It depends on how much you love her.
'm a good girl but I have to admit that the bad boys can definitely take ahold of you.
showering a gurl with all your attention.. then after a while , ignore her.
I am very shy and so, I am not able to ask her !!
And sometimes I felt like I was having chest pains!
Do act crazy or stupid, just be yourself
Remember, there are no ugly women, some just barely pretty.
for the same reason men don't like women having male friends
I'M A MAN, AND I CAN'T ANSWER THAT surprise IS SEXY?
men always want to be right, even when wrong.
do you mean how to get a boy to like you?
I never heard from him again until Christmas Day , Nearly 2 years later . I learned that he had died.
just flirting with them and wearing omeclothes that will make you look sexy!!
Bring a red rose and go some that she likes
and some taste better than others.
ask her out by taking the risk .
If you really love her that much, ask her to marry you.
I have plenty of male friends and we hang out.
id say go with your heart.. that is the best I can do ..
ask her out by taking the risk .
If you really love her that much, ask her to marry you.
I have plenty of male friends and we hang out.
(** )<| Dead Fish Ollec, the Fish Slayer
id say go with your heart.. that is the best I can do ..
I do think not being emotionally ready covers it.
My b/f is jealous, it's funny.
My GF and I we're together for 5 and a half yrs.
he is obviously keeping things from you.
for once in my life . I hope it will change!
I just have to get to know a person to like them at any level.
You will never know, it is a chance you would have to take if you are willing.
im in the same boat, I have been dating a guy for 2 weeks.
you could type in his / her yahoo id and search for the person.
Breath a little bit deeper once in a while.
as if they do even have to accept it.
It Looks like you are in a hard spot and it also looks like he is in a hard spot.
-- OK, so you aren't my student...but same answer.
I used to feel the same earlier...
The It depends on how the date went
You wanted equality so very much, now you've got it.
if you do know all ready you need to!~!!
Go out with friends and talk.
if you're not together .. NEVER!
cheap-check.com they can make different types
i just do it myself though, but is wrong: in this day and age, hell no
cuz they h8 being wrong... thats how my bf is... lOl
if you like someone , you are going to have to help her with anything you know.
If she wanted you too , it was wrong.
After those years, you be with your lover by understanding each other .
so as not to regret anything.
i don't really think that 6 is that common.
not if you don't want her to be pissed!
support your daughter with whatever she decides...and does.
Wanna go see Friday night?
I guess it comes down to what you consider love?
as long as he is getting treated just as well , there is nothing wrong with at all .
dude to make girls like you do not act stupid around the girl that you like.
I THINK YOU SHOULD WAIT UNTIL THE OTHER MATE IS READY FOR YA'LL TO HAVE SEX
Thats what most of Yall men think about.
That would be surprising to me!
when he is hurts or something is there for him.
Here smell, Do you think it stinks???
From the appearance of your picture, it wouldn't be hard!
in the mean time , just work on bettering yourself and preparing for what you really want!
That would be surprising to me!
when he is hurts or something is there for him.
Here smell, Do you think it stinks???
From the appearance of your picture, it wouldn't be hard!
in the mean time , just work on bettering yourself and preparing for what you really want!
Some guys really do care though.
start seeing other women.that should work for good
ALL the GURLS AREN'T ATLEAST Not ME CONTACT ME AT HOLAGURRL411@yahoo.com
Or is that going to make things hurt more?
Yikes....he is quite the mature guy isn't he??
there is no way to break up with a guy and he will not be hurt.
Fine, I'm like, if you don't want me , let me know and I will bounce, it's not that deep.
Make it a bit more universal , like 'No fear' or something like that .
A great name for a punk band
be yourself with a little bit of spreading (being the best in you)
just im me with the right answer
`` Ask yourself this-Do I really love him?
where I ca find them :(
briefs!, I like to have the package next to me
Also NO WAY will I go back to the way things were, but I would like to be friends.
We have 3 children, a 15 yr. old and twin 3 yr. olds.
I I I I I it I all depends....i am a guy with a punkish attitude , but down inside I 'm a nice guy.
Well, I am not sure exactly what a surrendered wife is...
People always love talking about themselves , even if they act like they don't.
I thankful THAT IF THE GUY IS REALLY INTO women , HE SHOULD CALL 1ST:) GOOD LUCK
Yeah yeah go and tel her
Don't cheat, love yourself no matter what and admire how far you've gone.
they could at one time have been a sl*t but have cleaned themselves up.
Enjoy yourself while it last!
do the best and as a simple man, bro!
And the next day, you find out that your relationship is over, from Yahoo!
BE FUNNY,TALK ABOUT THINGS THAT ARE INTERESTING,AND THEN TAPE 20 DOLLAR BILLS ON YOUR BODY.
if not , do worry if you do or do have a guy.
your is the fourth person who asks this question :(
or am I just too paranoid?
guys can never go wrong w/ a woman if they give her jewlery.
Women, you can't have it both ways.
... and then they would still think about it for a moment before they say 'no'.
and you say your young too well . if that 's the case , it is kinda supposed to be like that.
start with heavy petting, move to cunilingus.
thats the first step, I suppose.
I love a man in Boxer Briefs!
It sounds really weird and dumb , but define what you think an online realitionship is...
Most women will never ask a guy out.
you can check the yellow pages ...
I DON'T MEAN TO MAKE YOU FEEL UNCOMFORTABLE, AND I'm KIND OF NERVOUS.
right after the date or on it
not in mid Mi, Clare area
(Guys hate it when they feel that they are being nagged at!)
no because if you really love someone, how will you have room to be in love with anyone else?
Why would you want 3 g/f's?
yes, go talk to your doctor.
Also remember that the wife is always right!
It is like losing a love one.
anyway,e-mail back when you get a chance.
disclose everything you want......lets make a list out here
he wants to be able to watch football and have sex with his girlfriend or spouse.
i can only find this picture of the quote...but 'm looking for the whole thing!
Your virginity is very special, and should be saved for someone you really care about...
trying to go to parties and stuff he might be at.
There there There are lots of women out there that will be interested in you.
going it in a church
Love is not sex - that is lust.
so remember not to rush it.
You've said it, but do you MEAN it?
11 with a card sayin that she/he completes the dozen!
Also a lot of people who don't want someone with also don't want that person with anyone else.
Is two dozen twice as nice or is it just overkill?
Did you get off it?
he said I could be a housewife.
If deep down , he's a nice guy, it won't work.
now I got a job offer in a whole new state for a job I don't like.
DON'T TELL HER THAT YOU ARE PLANNING ON STAYING WITH YOUR WIFE , She WILL ONLY BE BITTER.
stop and ask her for directions or something and just start up a conversation
if your family is like your girlfriend and your girlfriend does'nt like your family.
), her fate is already sealed.
because boys cheat on the girls and we know how it goes
That is a bad sign , but
love all, as if you are loving god.
Get a picture first and send her yours.
If that's their answer, they probably don't.
Especially when most people suck at it!
i think if the guy is into you , he should call at laest every other day.
What is a major reason for people straying...BOREDOM WITH THEIR PARTNER!
Nobody do it unless they're psychic or something
no, It scares them , but later makes them confident, if not arrogant later on.
if girls wanted it as much as guys , we could get very far as a society.
I never act embarrassed / ashamed to be with him.
n't be scared the color of her blood pumpin through her body is the same as yours.
I don't want any drama, I just want my dress back.
even He agrees that I 'm a nice , good friend of his.
if that is so.. tell her that reaching climax will not affect that.
That's how it goes, I guess.
FREE TO DO AS I PLEASE .
I love this girl very much , but I have no idea how to start!
Then he sits around a lot playing Palystation 2.
you know , when you know there is no real way to say it , just something you know
At an early age , 16, I decided that I wanted adventure in my life.
And make sure she doesn't read any beauty or celebrity magazines!
Does it matter if he is what you call gay?
U n't SPEND ENOUGH TIME ON YOUR KNEES.AND OR BENDING OVER THE KITCHEN TABLE..START DOIN IT!!!
you to make someone love you.
I do really understand your question that well , but it seems like youve been attracting young guys??
but The ring on my finger is enough.
Hey and I said Oh, hi, C. What's Up??
i have seen this happen way too many times; get out of there before things escalate out of control.
i understand that and I respect him enough to not do it.
who cares what they look like . It is all about their personality.
Then again she may have intimacy issues, I guess you never know.
its hard to even find that these days , let alone take care of a woman.
Could the ones you are trying to dance with be Hoosiers, bu chance?
offer little gifts and telling jokes to her.
My grr did the same thing, then left when I told her to get a j.o.b.
If you don't already know, ASK YOUR MOTHER!
Takes these facts and ask yourself, am I a freak, or am I a super freak?
Then that'd be perverted or vice-versa!
Depends if you really believe in love .
Plus I found out she just doesn't call people back very much anyway.
go to the member directory of all of the yahoo members
Maybe you should try some dating websites, like yahoo perosnals or else else
but we mostly forget that and let the bird run away .
BC THEY LOVE HIM AND KNOW HOW TO GET OUT OF THE MARRIAGE?
SO.. practically married, just no paperwork.
whether through note or e-mail.Not unless she likes it when you ask in person.
She was scared I would like it.
single mothers can't leave their house.... or are too lazy
Most men are interested in younger women!
wht Do you have 2 do?
but remember to keep your eyes open and dress nice.
single mothers can't leave their house.... or are too lazy
Most men are interested in younger women!
wht Do you have 2 do?
but remember to keep your eyes open and dress nice.
Pretend like you don't know she exists.
because, after all, they are better than other people and they can get away with it.
no I think it,s a bad idea to sleep with someone you do care about
My boyfriend and I have been together for 6 years
Just about drove my husband crazy.
I I I would agree with what Nichole says.
they thinking about how good the women look
just taking it too far.
...They both know, and he is always nice to me, but she hates me.
I mean, I'm not even the one she said it to & I'm offended!
Never change just for a guy.
then call her and ask her if you guys can talk.
WOMEN CHEAT AS WELL, NOT JUST MEN.
if it wasnt, you just be friends.
not one of these sites that requires you to pay for porno sites .
OKEY kids Listen Up...the waterfall was great....we looked great...But the only thing you could hear WAS THE DAMN WATERFALLING....!!!
Not sitting on their butts at home, for sure...
lol I was just kidding about the last choice.
Some are okay with it, others are not.
No, there is a little chivalry here.
trust me..i no:)or call him he will want to talk... ;)
i saying what ever you have to say say it now.
Although I think it'd be kind of difficult!
and your partner will not doubt you whether you are lying or cheating on him.
( If you get this message , please respond.
Every woman has a taste... no matter how clean they are.
I never cheated when I was married.
find out the things she likes, spend time w/ her.
talk to her about this beforehand.
( If you get this message , please respond.
Every woman has a taste... no matter how clean they are.
I never cheated when I was married.
find out the things she likes, spend time w/ her.
talk to her about this beforehand.
e-mail him and say you have a surprise for him and they do something sexual
a marriage is both the hardest job you will ever have & the most satisfying.
You have to get yourself out there, have fun, and talk to girls.
Give me a call, OK babe?
If you find that perfect man , then let me know.
Don't let your enemy discourage you!
i would like to say, honesty, but that can back fire!
but now she looks sad every
but that is only for outgoing people.
I think that if you have sex with 10 guys or with only 1 --it should matter.
!haha.just be patient, and pray to god ask him who is the best husband for you!!
Believe me, you deserve much-much better!
If you want your guy to dress a little nicer, buy him clothes YOU pick out!
She have to want it themselves
You can flirt with me in a cold_dark_storm@yahoo.com
where did you get that, do you know..., nice dress..
i would have to say 2 dozen b/c the more you buy your roses , the more you like/loves you.
because married men are more mature..they already know how to handle relationships and they have more experience
How long ago was the breakup and what were you so jealous of?
'm still trying to find that out for myself . If you find out , tell me!
Just don't let them get that close.
I always thought once people were engaged they were SURE!
i don't really want to start something, but I still have a grudge with her from four years ago.
Hey there, nice to know you love the girl.
Your best bet, if you like him, is to flirt with him and then see if he responds.
Love is a feeling but feelings are not love.
find a girl you want to go out with and , without thinking much about it , ask her out.
you might find on that fancy and stick with her for the rest of the remaning year.
love to see full big ones, pretty sexy eyes, not butch looking
or maybe he never thought of you in that way.
i living in Ohio and I do see much chivalry too .
if you have things in common , use them
what would she do if her son were to really die.
He However, always quits or gets fired from one job to the next.
im not even sure how he feels about me.
Get out of the house once in a while!
THEY were the one to cheat, remember?
had anyone in love with 2 sisters at once?
like saying all that supposed to change the way I feel about them.
Watch out for the sound on your....video tape...Better Luck too you!
Well...I love getting new jeans and/or underwear.
being married is becoming one.....you have to give and take
i thought he just needed someone to feel sorry for him.
make sure that you are the one.
(I am blind in ONE eye) ..
If both of you are trying to make it worth anything , it wo be worth nothin.
you get that feeling in your stomach when you know
the moment we see a gr8 girl, we feel we are in love, but then that is just infatuation.
if he is telling you he wants like you , suggest some time apart.
he is not interested in you
kempie.....what the hell is up with the train analogy??
like I say men think differently than we do, give him time he may come around.
there know h , think about it . You just feel it.
It would be even worse if I didn't know the guy.
just say that you really liked her for a while and she will do the rest
Well anyway, just don't close the door, give them a chance to prove their worth.
That other guy didn't answer the question right.
I know way too many really beautiful girls who think they don't look good...
... Maybe he just has a sis who hogs the phone all the time.
Oh yeah, helps that I'm a hottie!
Yeah you know you are, jus go with it!
Yes and no, maybe she didn't get the message?
im only 13... but still... if he did
it depends on the relationship between me and her , but mostly I'll not sleep if a little bit doubt
on the east side (pittsburgh) We eat at Beto's It is the best pizza you will ever eat .
DUDE,YOU n't MOST OF THE PEOPLE at YOUR WEDDING SAY I HAD HER.
Man, there is so much porn out there......must you pay?
if you ever gave this line to a girl , please tell me why!
WHAT FANCYS HER,WHAT BABY GIRL LIKES.
on the east side (pittsburgh) We eat at Beto's It is the best pizza you will ever eat .
DUDE,YOU n't MOST OF THE PEOPLE at YOUR WEDDING SAY I HAD HER.
Man, there is so much porn out there......must you pay?
if you ever gave this line to a girl , please tell me why!
show her, tell her, draw a diagram.
with those who are the ones who helped you to come all the way.
yes, it matters more than it does for a guy.
- and 'accidentally' bump into her.
He's young, and a young man- is going to be a young man.
Say 'm sorry bla bla bla bla bla do you forgive me?
When you can't do anything else but think about spending the rest of your life with her.
If your not having sex because she chose this , not you.
Sometimes You gotta play the game to stay ahead.
I do get it... is supposed to be wrong, you know?..
I keep thinking she'll be back.
and forget him, & enjoy your love.
try yahoo email search, for one.
People like and want what they can't have.
I buy my wife flowers every couple of weeks.
you believe by telling them apart once you actually meet a mature guy , which would be hard
Ignoring it doesn't mean that they hate you.
i kissing my date on the first date.
if a guy were going to ask me out , I would like to know the guy really well.
i also have an infatuation with an elder girl.
if you have to ask, maybe it is not love
There really are some nice, single guys left out here!
Don't ask a girl out in a message.
so it basically means that if you want to return you have to take the risk.
And no- I'm not talking about sex, either.
Well, you COULD try asking your wife.
Think of things you know he likes to do.
Why won't she ask me out?
disease...because innocent people get that too.
Sorry I just want to know how many girls ever got this line or how many guys gave it.
Ah leave em alone... People learn by getting bit....Hondo Lane.
And what if it doesn't work out?
I don't mean with war either.
If you are a chick then that is awesome to do.
if you like this person.
Ah leave em alone... People learn by getting bit....Hondo Lane.
And what if it doesn't work out?
I don't mean with war either.
If you are a chick then that is awesome to do.
if you like this person.
try telling her that she felt in love but never tell her who ... then follow her reaction
Just remember, in the long run, which is more important: your friendship with her, or a crush?
That would be so uncool, right?
I only have 5 and women never complain.
I'm 27 years old, 6ft, not white .
try telling her that she felt in love but never tell her who ... then follow her reaction
Just remember, in the long run, which is more important: your friendship with her, or a crush?
That would be so uncool, right?
I only have 5 and women never complain.
I'm 27 years old, 6ft, not white .
Id give em a 100 if I could!
smile and say great, fool proof.
move to a new fucking city.
i don't want a divorce or to live without/away from my husband.
Love is what makes sex great!
i do want to get hurt either.
i No there are good people out there , just be careful .
mmm Well when you get older you will find out :)
What you need to do is learn to trust your man.
i still like having the door opened for me and I love my feminity.
Either case, you gotta let her know, wouldn't it suck if she got away because she didn't know??
I hope you get caught on asking that question...
I 'm sure he would love to help!
If you truly think he is cheating .....he most likely is...........good luck.
7 years is enough , to understand a lot of things in life .
Either case, you gotta let her know, wouldn't it suck if she got away because she didn't know??
I hope you get caught on asking that question...
I 'm sure he would love to help!
If you truly think he is cheating .....he most likely is...........good luck.
7 years is enough , to understand a lot of things in life .
I just think this is fun to hear about.
I cheated 2 times, THE BIGGEST MISTAKE OF MY LIFE . Never Again happen.
Why not try to seduce him?
It sounds like you should not be engaged.
BUT EVERY chance THE NEW KID CAME HE TOOK OVER!!!!!!
like they say, if you love someone, set them free.
lets just saying I wo never forget it .
Hopefully She misses you as much as you miss her!
girl, I have been there done that.
more of the same stuff you probably already talked about during the date.
Good luck and keep your chin up!
they even want to marry me.
If you're not in love with her, then don't stay.
sound like a little single time is what you 're in need of.
Almost Every state has great looking girls, but I dunno, I'm gonna say Texas
if you do know.you n't have one and you do have to worry about it.
just enjoy and go with the flow!
use your eyes and your ears and then you are gonna find out,remember not all the ladies are the same.
Some men like to spoil their gals.
Even though I'm married now and not looking for anyone, I still laugh at the pick up lines, etc.
It like, so awesome, like, amazing & like, the best, and like, so sad all in one!
I don't think it is 'wrong' at all.
Picking up girls is not all that different.)
Sure it's not you like HER and you don't know how to let her know?
She's driving you crazy wanting sex?
well if she has 2 sleep with every guy , obviously she is a sl.ut so that means she has 2...
Just because you hang out with a person doesn't mean your dating.
if you think your family happiness is
Sure it's not you like HER and you don't know how to let her know?
She's driving you crazy wanting sex?
well if she has 2 sleep with every guy , obviously she is a sl.ut so that means she has 2...
Just because you hang out with a person doesn't mean your dating.
I'm having fun , but unfortunately , I got to get going and I am happy . Thanks!
Just sit back and keep doing what you are doing.
Nothing like big hair, fake nails, and lycra to get a guy going.
I don't know but someone told you to write it to me cuz I want to know to
I Life would be life if everyone was perfect . I 'm not saying what he did was right!!
also can you deal with the way he spends money?
Remember it for better or worse!
i do really know but I have the same problem
no, she's your wife, and she should know that!
if you plan on children, they'll need a lot of prenatal care, baby furniture/stroller, clothes, food, etc.
also can you deal with the way he spends money?
Remember it for better or worse!
i do really know but I have the same problem
no, she's your wife, and she should know that!
if you plan on children, they'll need a lot of prenatal care, baby furniture/stroller, clothes, food, etc.
idk wat is your name sweetheart?
Some guys do not like this.
`` Try by telling her Hey girl you look damn slim aa
listening to your mind followed by your heart
YOU NEED TO MAKE HER WANT IT . Do ALWAYS GIVE IT TO HER WHEN SHE WANTS IT.
God created man`s Head . unlike women , seldom match- AND whether
But only if you can handle whatever answer you get.
or go on a date w/ ur husband or go to a concert.
What is it that they're lying about?
maybe She just isnt into you like you are into her...sorry
By the way , why did he leave you?
when you could describe love so you don't know it .
that is kinda weird . Also he was very weird around me those few days .
Get a penpal from a girl your age!
If your still in love , Why would you move on?
No to going to other girls.
(FOUND OUT THE HARD WAY...BROKEN HEART for 12 YEARS.
There There There There There There is no US law that says they can't.
if that 's the case , keep trying... thats how my boyfriend and I ended up together..
Its nice to get the family seal of approval though, so I wouldn't wait too long.
becuase you also have the chance of not getting hurt and being happy
just watch their actions and listen to what they do and how they say things!
do let someone tell you different.
13 Herb Bath) and get on with your life.
hehe Maybe you must get warm him first:P
This guy might want to kiss you , but he needs time to find the right moment.
they just don't want to admit they were dumb enough to get caught.
I hope this helps and best of luck to you in the future!
*In Philly, I like the restaurant Morimotos.
Well the guy I met kissed me on the first date and I thought it was awesome.
It It It may be your good nature & good - looking they will better to live life with you .
It It's so easy to marry the wrong person.
i to get married early but we didn't have kids.
u have to find a real love than never care about being tall or not ....
Don't let yourself be hurt any more!!!
if he goes to a party, ask if you can go with him
no, That 's true, I've had that too.
You ca make anybody love you.
And Then you roll your eyes and sigh and say, nothing, and storm off into the kitchen.
Try a little trick I heard on the radio.
1st, you hafta be open with him.
This keeps happening to all of us (guys) all the time.
redefine hot girl..s I think girls that mean aren't really hot...hokey?
If she's picky, she will not be happy no matter what you give her.
Guys don't pick up on hints as fast as women do.
(no dumb pick up lines , but if you want one that never fails , get a hold of me)
guys(not all guys) want it more than girls because sex is more important to you, sex is your priority.
Well I like it when girls have eye contact with me.
If you brave it and ask her, that's gonna be a plus.
but sometimes ; we live too long in paradise , until we don't feel it , any more !
whole new bunch of problems (ones people do talk about in public)maybe.
if so , is it better to have multiply orgasms or one big orgasm?
What did you like about it there?
If Demi can why can't we...LOL Go for it!
if its there , you will know but hold out on her a little
But that is just my plug nickel's worth.
be yourself because you like being yourself
That is all I have to say!!!!!!!!!!
In general, If guys want sex, women want romance.
Personally . I do like girls having kids.
She & I wound up dating & then we got married.
Tell her exactly what you said in your question.
if you have a house or will someday have one . get her something for it.
I am not a person for that like that you tell your boyfriend
If you want to talk let me know!
by the way.. he is very very very stubborn!
The One I know is loyal and I can count on.
[Unless the woman forces it ;) 'I have never thought of you like that']
i would call her every day but not too much so that I do step on her nerves
this guy is just bringing home the drama y even bother?
I wouldn't take it to much to heart, just be happy in the fact that you're really hot ;)
2. Do the two of you have experience of solving disagreements well?
Stay there, while the stay is good, unless they are abusive in some way, then it isnt true love!
How do you get your dog to roll over?
Why can't you ask her out?
if you into it , then go for as many as you want and can get.
but you have to regardless of how hard it may seem.
I want to know your answer Dud, question like that means you have something to say about it, right?
How do you get your dog to roll over?
Why can't you ask her out?
if you into it , then go for as many as you want and can get.
but you have to regardless of how hard it may seem.
I want to know your answer Dud, question like that means you have something to say about it, right?
Maybe She got eaten up by zombies
if you can wait , then do..
One night He called me on a break from work & was really depressed...just having a terrible day.
Ask her to get up and clean the house
The second rule - saying ANYTHING is better than saying NOTHING.
and I would say for you to do the same.
nothing I have read or anything, just my own personal opinion... Anyway, I hope that helps answer your question.
THEY ACT LIKE you are KILLING THEM
If you won't ask him why, then you wasting your time!
i would have to make him private longer...i have any fun if you know what I mean!
well, I am really out of it.
kissing them ever so softly , look deeply into their eyes and smile.
BUT I THINK THAT I LOVE YOU AND I THOUGHT THAT YOU SHOULD KNOW IT..
touch her face softly with the back of your hand
be yourself yourself and talk to her,then ask her out,
Girls love a guy with confidence.
so if she is looking around the room instead of you.
i then think you are a rainbow warrior.
do worry . There is a special place in hell reserved just for you to even think about cheating.
For guys to bond, they have to do stuff: billiards, bowling, drinking, partying, sports, etc.
i want to see Aishwraya Rai's toes
ask your mate..its only cheating if it would upset them.
i'll give you a tip though.
then to ntice you and !boom!
tell him to sit at home and you get a job!!
I want to be happy in my life and not miserable every day.
Music Pets , Family Friends Hobbies/Interest Job Just her favorites in general... Best of luck!
They like it when you treat them like crap.
Thats how it worked for me and my wife.
TAKE A Shower , then talk to her!
Best of luck to you ...
going to him when you get back to school.
Plus why would you not want to go with your husband ? He should be your best friend.
Thats how it worked for me and my wife.
TAKE A Shower , then talk to her!
Best of luck to you ...
going to him when you get back to school.
Plus why would you not want to go with your husband ? He should be your best friend.
Flask Item # WAK3060P Knife # ZBK1752P
One reason (for me anyway) it really turns guys on.
If you do love him, then do lead him (or you) on any longer.
because it's one way of being honest with him no matter what.
i suppose you could let him treat you like a queen if he thinks you are
And, I'm just getting started here...........
hope you got a good lawyer...lol
It might be he is feeling lonely.
a soulmate is nothing more than someone that you want to be with for the rest of your life.
Or a gay woman thinking a man is hot?
You left this question kinda late, didn't you?
if you feel you need a wedding... do it.
Why you gotta be all up in my grille about my attitude?
tell her that her father - in - law will watch over her .
depends who starts it...if you do an apoligy is nice, ..
But I think it is healthier to live a LIFE full of LOVE... after all, you go both ways...
I prefer blonde , and I don't know why !
Hi, I go to an Academy and there's a woman I like.
Why arent you comfortable with talking about sex?
just walk up and tell him
If he is not that type of man.
tell your mother - in - law that she is safer at her own house.
yes,but on the boobs/tits only OOOOOOOOOOk!!!
A girl who is kind and honest and wants to make me happy.
Why do girls dress like tom-boys?
nope..as long as your full time job isn't looking 4 1.
10 years ago, mine cost me $5,000.
i don't think that you should kiss at all.
tell this friend that he needs to get a backbone and ask her.
If you keep trying, she'll see you as a stalker and that's not where you want to go with this.
Don't linger, get in and get out.
What if you two start working on it and she cheats on you or leaves you for another man again.
HoNeST MeN LoVe WoMeN: THoSe leave THeM AdOrE THeM .
You doing the right thing... don't worry about it ... you find someone else!!
lol what the hell.. were you drunk on your wedding day??
I losing weight.. but I was in the bathroom at least 10 times a day...
because he doesn' t want to spend money on someone other than himself or he's not ready for marriage
If she is still n't doing it right...well, your call.
they, actually were jealous of my mother and I.
I actually went through this recently myself...wow!
Please don't think all men are the same- we aren't.
then you understand the value of life.
If your wife wants more sex , have her call me.Ha!
Yes mosdef you can get a pg.
Thats the kinda thing that guys do.
Give him his freedom for Christmas!
She'll probably be flattered that you only want her!
move on its over post a pic and maybe we can talk
trying to forget about the mean girls or those that don't work out-thats part of the game.
( I'm totally going to get kicked out again)
I'M SURE IT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH YOU.
ive kissed many women in my life . Jest go 4 . it balive in yourself .
How about 5, 10, 20, 30?
or going to a foreign country
The cats will get fed... don't worry.
Sorry that I can't help more.
well how old I might know some that do
This is your test question, and also this is my test reply ... ;-)
He just wants you to be happy.
he in my class and is a good friend of mine.
then he lost his job right before we moved here!
im only as a freshman and I 'm in love.
and At the end of school , he gave me a hug!!!
it doesn't matter if she loves him, or if her father wants them to get married.
Look directly into his eyes & ask him if he is faithful to you
Did he think about you when he cheated?
depend if you have a hot body
or take her out to spend time with her at her favorite restaurant
Im coming at you from the lower side.
there..s no match.. r you planning to hang out with the same girl..
It it It is not as easy as it sounds . I know that , but it works.
you will know when the time is right
i think it is okay , but just do over do it!!!
if you don't then someone has issues that you need to work on.
It going back to doing as I say, not as I do.
I DON'T REALLY THINK ABOUT IT.
What ever happened to spare the rod , spoil the child and spank in school?
Am I happy when I'm with him?
talk in a cool environment after he is your father.
he said the same thing as her.
no I never send Christmas cards out
You should please her and she pleases you.
Are you able to let some things go?
gotta agree with Applejooce, just tell him
eeek... Marriage you think about this too much.
anything It will make me laugh all night long...
old when I had my first kiss , my first real boyfriend.
Its the little things that guys do that clue us in to what you are thinking.
Though, we always talk at night(coz 'm working abroad) and take care of the kids.
What is wrong is that YOU don't love your spouse the way you used to.
I do celebrate x mas myself... 3 months dude xmas is over... LOL
licking her body , starting with her hair till her toes
Try burning a cd with his fav.
Will you ever get drunk with them again?
I was just wondering, Am I in love?
I like a lot of girls too, and I want to ask them out.
Lots of gurls are this way.
ca put my finger on it , but going to see her really scares me.
Can he look into your eyes?
I was just wondering, Am I in love?
I like a lot of girls too, and I want to ask them out.
Lots of gurls are this way.
ca put my finger on it , but going to see her really scares me.
Can he look into your eyes?
People getting married and think well , if it doesn't work out , we can always get divorced.
that sexual harrassment, document the situation, get some evidence, tell her no, then sue for your retirement.
no, it just n't happens as often.
Sometimes The hardest part is totally letting go!
you have to open for him way to not be shy .
and both of them ok with it ?
And besides, I just popped a mint.
Yes I did think it was pretty slu***y but I am still married and have had no problems.
I can go on and on for reasons!
No this isn't a dumb question, actually it's a great question!!!
Like I said, though, it's a hard question to answer.
Tell your wife before she does.
tell her youll leave her alone if she wishes
i think that a guy should love his wife if his wife aggrees.
On the flip side, Why does a woman nag as to where the guy is going?
that it may or may not help them.
DON'T HESITATE , JUST TELL ME I WON'T TELL ANYONE!
A girl , I see , but I don't know , named Moonlight !
email me back with more info.mandie_mo_of_co
There is nothing more attractive than a girl who's having fun!
no sir not wrong at all.
Should I Wait or Should I Go (as Wham sez)?
Many women always say they want a real man?
ask more girls til one calls you back ;)
and should I get her a gift?????
Do still not like him for serious reasons?
people that fit have better sex.
its happened to me like 3 times
I believe THAT you CAN ONLY FALL IN LOVE ONCE.
YOU STUCK THE KNIFE IN YOUR OWN BACK...OUCH
if you could advise if you work as well . That may help get a clearer answer
NO, you're not weird, unless you think you are!!
When you feel like it is time... What I mean is that your heart will let you know.
Do you know the way out
tell him until he decides he wants a conversational relationship with you no s*x, usually works
Now men think their women are lazy if the woman just wants to be a mom.
Do the one thing that many never do.
I'm wondering how old you are.
If you don't love this person , leave, but marrying someone else isn't wise either.
WWII Singer from the Jersey Isle in Britian...
do jump to the assumption that you will definitely get hurt.
how he would feel if you were friends with your ex.
Because a lot of men are looking for trophy wives.
Online relationship shud b there for online purposes!!!!!!!!!!
if you succeed , then congratulate you!
Sex is very important for men , also money
look for guys that are serious about their studies.
BOTH SHOULD BE ABLE TO HAVE FRIENDS.
as I am not married I do know.
don't answer , just smirk and continue.
And if it is--still no excuse to cheat on your wife.
sit down and think about it and speak up.
WELL,FIRST OF ALL DUDE, CONGRATS!..I FEEL LIKE TELLING YOU TO KEEP THEM ALL.
is it wrong for a woman to date her ex-husbands brother.
NO Stings Muah have fun and JUST DO IT .
How about a man that will take care of themselves!
'll tell you what worked for me.
The kids get hurt the worst.
(Frankly, I don't like roses all that much!)
nothing, you broke up with him in the first place didn't you?
If you want to... without question - yes!
like I say do do it just because people you care about want you to.
first off, you should get to know her, become her friend first.
Magic 8 Ball says: Ask again later
if you find your love winds down for even one of you , it is probably just infatution.
for the upper answer... a player @ 42 years? old
Why do women feel as though men want to control them back at you
She still wants a relationship with the guy, That's pretty obvious.
If you do ask , she lost herself for ever so waste of time , my friend.
you should ask yourself some questions before beginning a life with someone.
cause your partner trust you that you are not deceiving him
If I don't marry her she'll leave me.
for some reason , guys round here feel cause they like you, that you should automatically like them back.
some just like it that way!!
gift cards are the best way to go with anyone these days.
Who's to say, just go with what is comfortable for you
a good woman wants to do that.
If I ask him out , then I'll pay.
ALL YOUR ACTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES no matter when or how long it has been...
meams ur pretty dam good-lookin', if ya have 3 g/f's!!!
How do you love him if you barely ever talk?
Hi Sweety, Well not all women do but I guess most do.
Is it really worth it to cheat on your wife.
Think about this . You are saving the best for last!
have fun, and do not be afraid to discuss and energy try new things.
likes guy stuff (sports, etc...) and you can hang with the guys and make them laugh.
I did once just for fun.
just b/c you asked doesnt mean you do or not
if you love him, can talk to him about ANYTHING.
Oh yeah, and if you're a girl...it hurts like hell the first time.
if I guy can't accept that, then he is not worth your time.
doesn't the other grrr deserve a chance?
Yeah because parents like to screw people up
And if he says no, then that's just that.
but too difficult to wait till marriage!
Not to be rude or piss you off or anything, but it sounds like she still loves her husband.
H E L L O :)
That's quite impressive - 90 a day and that's just ONE service!
But I assure you......never stop looking.
something you can have with me , if you are over the age of 18
my condolences to you !
When you move, keep your phone number unlisted and get a p.o.
How do you ask a boy out?
if they belong to you, they will come back.
Because if a girl chases a guy, he feels cornered.
Well it depends on the guy . how old you are and how old you are.
Words don't mean much...actions speak louder.
YOU DON'T TRUST HIM AGAIN , Cheating IS DISGUSTING.
But, I asked, and she explained.
Who knows Maybe two might go all the way!!
give her all she wants and more......
SORRY TO PLACE YOU IN SUCH AN UNCOMFORTABLE POSITION.... SHALL WE CARRY ON NOW??
Yes it's bad...you should be desiring each other all the time.
you won't know until you try
Flowers or choclates and you can always get her some earrings .
Wow... thanks for the kind compliments you fine bunch of wonderful ladies!
If your a 30 year old man LEAVE THE KIDS ALONE!
Sounds like something my friend is going through right now,, he needs help but you can't do it alone!
flirting can lead to a lot of things . Just do let it do that...
maybe she got bored with ya...expected some things outta ya, and you didnt deliver..wake up, that happens
If so , then you are in love.
actually The average size is 5, so it really depends on the genes.
you have nothing else to lose
i know a girl like that , and I try to stay away from her
But still should be that big of a deal if you know how you feel about that other person.
mtv also has an influence on girls too , but hey that 's their problem .
Then he will ask you what you are doing like this.
Some things are just not meant to be.
How can I get over this person easily and is there anybody out there that needs a new friend?
Look up their phone number in the phone book?
whether that is worth trying, or even possible, is up to you.
you will never know if he likes you unless you ask.
Dude... it 's as easy as reading your letter...
because it would be wrong to ask him to break up with a girl that he just got with.
give a smile, or do something which makes her laugh at you
i'm sure another girl would appreciate you better!
Because he wants to hammer you grrr, Don't do this, don't you remember what Jon said in the 80s.
Something clicked like magic, and it was like I was in heaven!
it isn't that hard to find a great chick who is nice to you, is n't it?
Marriage is not about what you get man, it's about what you give.
Is LOVE truly in the AIR??
Dump the cheater & Move on with that information
ok The first time I thought he was nice and sweet.
heh I believe it is... WO MAN!!
I WOULD KICK BOTH OF THEIR A**.
Is LOVE truly in the AIR??
Dump the cheater & Move on with that information
ok The first time I thought he was nice and sweet.
heh I believe it is... WO MAN!!
I WOULD KICK BOTH OF THEIR A**.
think with your kids first..they do need abuse in their home.
So men learn that I can do what I want and lie and she will still get over it.
It's like slamming your finger in a window over, and over, it feels good when you stop!
Acutally I like the Cats answer, it's prrrrrrrfect:)
think with your kids first..they do need abuse in their home.
So men learn that I can do what I want and lie and she will still get over it.
It's like slamming your finger in a window over, and over, it feels good when you stop!
Acutally I like the Cats answer, it's prrrrrrrfect:)
about everyone , some don't even know
Move on homey....plenty of fish in the sea!!
one forget the date of the wedding!
if he doesnt, there will be plenty of other guys that will give you butterflies.
no I always hate my sex life!
a man who cares for you, loves you, but it is hard to describe because it 'm not you!
That said, I keep it real and I always get a ton of attention.
i break it off, it was hard, but I do regret it at all!
blondes......... coz they are beautiful and stupid
MARRIED ABOUT TO BE DIVORCED , BUT ON NEW YEARS EVE I CONSIDER MYSELF FREE.
if you cheat, get caught, and get a divorce?
But another thing cheating on him . I didn't do that , but you do that.
Go to the website and look up CESIUM CHLORIDE AND OXYGEN DROPS.
BELIEVE that If HE CHEATED AND IF YOU TAKE HIM BACK , HE'LL CHEAT AGAIN .
try Oriental restaurants or karaoke bars .
IF I WANTED A FEMME GUY I WOULD JUST DATE A LESBIAN.
i really want just let go of this person, so how do I do it?
IF YOU LIKE HIM , THEN GO FOR IT
he have something to ask you.
type that in Yahoo and read the articles.
do break it off just yet, let her dump you.
oh and yoda say use force.
AND HOW DO WE SNAP OUT OF IT?
No, unless you like a person who is under 18 & your way over.
Her name is Fur immer liebe samsonellen.
How could you forget to look on the license
Get her to eventually ask him back to her place or something similar.
get her close to orgasm and when she tells you to stop, stop and get away.
Hope you can understand Everything is up to you, just think a little about it.
See if he finally gets the message.
ALL THE STATES HAVE GOODLOOKING GIRLS AND WOMEN , EVEN THOUGH a lot OF PEOPLE ARE too DUMB TO SEE THAT!!!
Get her to eventually ask him back to her place or something similar.
get her close to orgasm and when she tells you to stop, stop and get away.
Hope you can understand Everything is up to you, just think a little about it.
See if he finally gets the message.
ALL THE STATES HAVE GOODLOOKING GIRLS AND WOMEN , EVEN THOUGH a lot OF PEOPLE ARE too DUMB TO SEE THAT!!!
defenely if he is nice...it is not the appearance but what is inside that counds.
Now things are really messed up.
And add a good Pick Up Artist online resource.
How much dating did you do ?
And let's talk some more o.k.
That even goes for an 18-year old dating a 17-year old.
its a bummer, but they can get away with it most of the time.
ca really snap out of it until they do something really stupid and out of hand.
And if it doesn't work, it just makes it that much easier to get over her.
Isn't that wrong with her, or what?
in High School , you should be dating a lot of people , not just her.
make sure you really want it.
Sit back and peep her out.
because they can be....now go out and catch a girl that doesnt poop on you
just get it over with.and try to be sincere.
not really , its usually the other person has something you don't have
having sex with other people not in the relationship and the partner not caring and/or doing the same thing.
because there is no such thing
someone who cheats is probably deceptive... they will lie and say they don't know why, when, really, they do
Please give me some tips so I can have an orgasim whenever you want!
or put an azo pill in her soda to make her pee orange.
welcome to the 21st century, Dave!
And the second and third from what I recall.....
If he thinks that 100 is not too many, then hey, youre like a virgin.
do you love him for who he is?
goto switchboard.com and put in the there address
Worth looking for if it is hard to find.
Are you dating younger men just to play around and they get too serious?
But it's not that big a deal, when you think about it.
no more than 12 , no less than 5 .
goto switchboard.com and put in the there address
Worth looking for if it is hard to find.
If you can get over that , then your str8.
LEt me know if it works.
you tell him, so you are really serious,huh?
just because you want to get back together with him.
YOU COULD JUST E-MAIL ME THE MONEY GIRL!I COULD GIVE YOU MY E-MAIL ADRESS DO YOU want IT?
If you can get over that , then your str8.
LEt me know if it works.
you tell him, so you are really serious,huh?
just because you want to get back together with him.
YOU COULD JUST E-MAIL ME THE MONEY GIRL!I COULD GIVE YOU MY E-MAIL ADRESS DO YOU want IT?
!If you don't like it, then move on to the next category...duh!!
I am afraid that she may get angry ........ or she might not like me ........
Don't pull away too quickly, and if he pulls you back in....you know he likes you!
depending upon.. who is and how the date went..
I notice that I get an attitude towards guys who , for some reason unknown to me , want holla.
But that first time in love stuff just happens when you first fall in love.
i think cards that would say, one free back scratch or one free massage or one free kiss.
Yes, I think it is really bad !!
they're everywhere, you just have to identify which is which.
Well if your family is anything like mine.
What can I do for her?
go with the flow , cause maybe he is just scared of being in love.
I guess you just have to date until you find the right one.
Don't mess up a good friendship.
ummmm.... I don't think its romantic . I think its gross, but farts are funny.
What if he/she does like you because you have short hair...etc etc...you see?
This will be an investment for you for the future .
to JUST THINK about THE UPS AND DOWNS WITH IT.
Showing Your love is all the little things that you do for someone you love.
What if he/she does like you because you have short hair...etc etc...you see?
This will be an investment for you for the future .
is love = Koigokoro . you = Temae So it means that you love someone in the Chinese language
to JUST THINK about THE UPS AND DOWNS WITH IT.
Showing Your love is all the little things that you do for someone you love.
HE IS control WANTS TO MAKE YOU THINK YOU OWE HIM
LIVE*LAUGH*LOVE is AS SIMPLE AS THAT .
its not the best situation to be in
if you like the person , why not?
Ask yourself, Is she worth waiting for, Are YOU willing to wait?
Start checking out other guys, let him know how it feels.
FIRST OF ALL , YOU SHOULD NOT HAVE HAD AN AFFAIR , BUT THE DAMAGE IS ALREADY DONE.
Nope not at all unless it was only sex and even then make sure you protect yourself.
Because people get married with divorce in the back of their minds
First of all, don't let him know you are thinking about leaving.
He buy me whatever I want, but he doesn't want me to do anything for him.
if have not already found out, make sure she is single.
but women see it as different than us men.
just go up to him and ask him out.
Britney Spears Ass or Carmen Electra's mouth!
If I'd had the choice I would say YES, without thinking twice...
now if she is just being polite and not interested in you.
I do know one guy who met his wife that way!
I've cheated, and been cheated on.
Just look at it like this... men expel and women retain!
some other guy to come get her at YOUR house when you get a little jealous
u know they could be sex addicts.
im impressed by a man who doesn't try to impress me.
So she has to turn a lot more guys down before she finds one that she likes.
Frankly, it is not that big a deal.
If hate is amiss, it's like a funny smell in an elevator.
i asked How many do you drink.
for me , It is a feeling you can never put in words .
you will definitely know if it happens... its too intense not to notice.
If he looks at other girls when you are not around then, O.K.
(unless you don't mind other guys banging your girl)
it depends on if he really really likes you or not
either you have a good figure or you are extremely beautiful.
I like a cool chick with a hot ass.
3- You find a good girl and you don't want her to marry someone else.
I THINK YOU ARE MORE LONELY THAN IN LOVE.
WHAT IF HE GAVE YOU SOMETHING.
i'll take the Brunette please thanks
Go to USA if you like an American girlfriend...
if you have to ask, then I would say no.
because they are bored and don't have anything else to do...
If you're thinking of asking someone, but not sure, just DO IT!
and if he stalks, call the police.
u just have to marry him to know HOW husband he will be.family life changes everyone.merry x-mas
Many, Many girls (and Guys) prefer an uncut guy.
but you must use his full name.
Why DO YOU WANT TO SEE HER TOES??
i think you should be bold enough and ask him
i have never heard this before.
And legally , you can't do anything about that.
I LOVE HIM BUT I NEED TO MOVE ON, HE IS MARRIED,PLEASE HELP ME, I AM SO DEPRESSED.
cuz everybody got a freak side to them.
no cry-baby whining stuck-up prissy high-maintenance jealous back stabbing hoochies like most women are.
the limits are , but you cannot hold it till death . I think :P
quit nagging him and get him a beer.
She needs some attention from you sweetie!
Best of luck by finding the right answer !!
anyway if u really want help with this mail me to acriyaz@gmail.com ................. bye - ac riyaz
because they are insecure dweebs and can't handle a real woman.
Just don't overdo it and go straight to the next girl if she does turn you down.
jest look at her eyes :)
Best of luck by finding the right answer !!
anyway if u really want help with this mail me to acriyaz@gmail.com ................. bye - ac riyaz
because they are insecure dweebs and can't handle a real woman.
Just don't overdo it and go straight to the next girl if she does turn you down.
jest look at her eyes :)
its in the people search section.
to an extent... yes it does.
she refused you once... meaning you two werent really together?
and is she as a friend more important to you or this guy you like?
I tell you this from experience!
if you trust him, have met his family and I just pray.
She expects a boy to do things,,about what she is thinking,,,got it???
when you miss him/her when she /he is gone
2nd, he might actually respect you, like most guys do and do wanna ruin a good thing.
nice guys , sometimes are too attainable.
cheat while she is busy cheating .
he's looking to cheat on you.
I don't think it is wrong.
I didn't realize how sick I am.
Show her . You are a nice caring guy.
Like French kissing and making out.
small claims court...if you got proof that they have it?
The answer is: No, there is not a chance for him.
yea..besides a tree , some men would probably like some polo boots for the winter..really depends on the age?
and have been friend since her divorce.
Did you try to turn around?
To ask a girl you like, don't sweat it or practice it over & over in the mirror.
Usually women like this will give it up to the man who doesn't buy their BS.......
LET YOUR FRIEND DO AS THEY PLEASE.
plus it always kinda hurts when a break up doesnt affect the other party.
yes...and if you ask real nice...he may give you someTHING extra!
i haven't heard anything about them.why don't you ask them?
What if she is really mean/crazy?
arcade, go cart riding, bowling, playing pool
Perhaps she is thinking the same thing... how can I tell if he still loves me?
when I perfer some nice
i say no , because if he does that to you , it will probably happen again.
Because you'll always come back to him.
or you could just talk to him!
and If she likes you too , she will understand.
it might be that your wife only had cybersex , but that is still sex.
I need one for a guy that I like a lot
the whole saying about...guys mature a few yrs.
So flirt with one of 'em and you will be in love.
a gravitation force which pulls you
girls never go for sensitive guys.
I to take her with me, then go hang at the mall, but I like Richs answer best
If you still have problems filing a complaint and reversing it to them!
I certainly wouldn't do that to just anyone.
Why do so many people have sex with other people that they have no intention of ever marrying?
My husband got me a leather jacket for our 5th Christmas!!
If you still have problems filing a complaint and reversing it to them!
I certainly wouldn't do that to just anyone.
Why do so many people have sex with other people that they have no intention of ever marrying?
My husband got me a leather jacket for our 5th Christmas!!
have an affair with a married man.
Why are YOU LOOKING FOR free ? Do you HAVE SOME MONEY problems ?
and finally ask him why, what does she mean to him?...will it happen again?
no,she might dump you because she thinks you want to have it with her and her mom.
or if you meet her at home , she will need to look for a vase to put it in.
i jst wont waste my time.
Why are YOU LOOKING FOR free ? Do you HAVE SOME MONEY problems ?
and finally ask him why, what does she mean to him?...will it happen again?
no,she might dump you because she thinks you want to have it with her and her mom.
or if you meet her at home , she will need to look for a vase to put it in.
i jst wont waste my time.
You could just hang back and see how she handles it...
He is most definitely a LOWLIFE who SUCKS!
does the cock size really matter?
Actually I know more women than men that way.
Most of the guys that like big girls are really skinny.
This is tough because of what you said...you're still in love with him (how long were you guys dating?).
ignore the ones who said alcahol.
well . You never know your luck , so there might be a big person or a little one good luck!
THEY ONLY with ONE THING(-----)NOT THE RESPONSIBILITY OF A FAMILY.
and don't listen to those other bogus answers about maybe he wants to wait for marriage... that is not true.
IF YOU KNOW HE FREQUENTS A CERTAIN CLUB OR restaurant , JUST STAY AWAY.
easy rule of thumb: you sleep with guys and if you enjoy yourself , you're gay.
I like answering these kinds of questions!
Or do you love what he was and what he could be, if he wants?
Just as some women do, and some don't.
not downing anybody, just trying to constructivly think here.
In a woman: long hair, nice legs & butt, small breasts.
But like I said , the best advice is TIME.
He will not care about it.
you have my confidence good luck bro.
My question How do I go about this?
I am a girl and I am not.
guys are guys and the jump from one topic to the next.
you have my confidence good luck bro.
And kinda watch over the whole situation...
My question How do I go about this?
I am a girl and I am not.
guys are guys and the jump from one topic to the next.
I just had sexual relations over the internet with some other random guy.
And flowers...there must ALWAYS be flowers:)
One guy was really creepy and scared me.
or using yahoo personals . I am looking for a part - time lover too.
But that they do not want to have children with you or marry you.
Plus just having fun with one another and pleasuring one another.
Well, First off by asking him if he is.
you just know if you like someone.
redheads with a fine sexy body.
If she does set this guy straight , then maybe you should say something to her...
I really like this girl but I 'm too shy to tell her.
Most girls do that , maybe because they have a crush on them and you want to impress him.
Just remember a life - long commiment is just that, life long.
I really like this girl but I 'm too shy to tell her.
Most girls do that , maybe because they have a crush on them and you want to impress him.
Just remember a life - long commiment is just that, life long.
Head it off at the pass?
Go go a blog sites..like yahoo 360 or msn myspaces thing...give her a link...
I agree with Catnip... My mother never cared about any of my BF's business.
The The The smaller it is, the lower your self confidence, the worse your performance. is is is is is
Hey dude... wake up and smell the coffee.
going out with friends , not necessarily males but females .
keep your personality high and don't do it .... you are too high-class than asking such things
maybe point out to him if you see someone kissing.
Family In General Division - Ew no!
just go whatever the best that you've had think!
And He didn't try to have sex!
we met 26 days ago, and I 'm willing to have some more days together with him.....
i would say good , just keep looking
How can I get her to love me?
Just don't go overboard with it.
the fact that you even put yourself in the position to watch her makes yourself a cheater!
If he likes women older than him, he probably likes mature women
don't forget to use your ears.
No matter how cool and charming they are.
it seams like he dosen't trust you if he is jealous, I wouldn't
i first started dating at 14!
In fact , my girlfriend does it sometimes!!!
I've actually never used them, but my relationship couldn't be better!!
friends friends or she may be someone you already know
When did I stop doing that?
The Men are hunters, women are nesters.
You know I get the same crap from my friends and family.
when you find out, You let me know
tell them that you like them.
Remember any guy can sweep any girl off her feet- he just needs the right broom.
That do you look for in guys ' personality attributes?
it n't work out...if he cheats on ya once, he will again
its because she doesnt think anybody would like her in the flesh.
deadma lang pag sumunod p din deadma k uli & tell her the worst .
Spending time with friends or keeping oneself busy (NOT by cheating though...).
sorry but you are still a child!
GOING OUT ? Do YOU STILL USE THAT EXPRESSION THESE DAYS.PLEASE ? ? Do ME A FAVOUR AND ACT SO DESPERATE.
did he spend time with , at least on that day?
Hey baby... Do you have a little (insert ethnic group of speaker here) in you?
For the same reason men do!
ya It a good idea, just nothing too expensive, under 20 bucks should be OK.
think about the world of problems that alone open up.
Hey, I have a crush on you.
Good Luck... Hope he kicks your face loose!
Oh, men are just strange.......So simple....Yet so complex..I think every man does it at least once.
My big brown eyes and my boobs... Yes they're real!
Finally...remember the way you get a gal IS the way you lose them.
I want her back.... and that feeling wo not go away.
if he invites you to do something with him and/or his friends.
Is she in love with you soldier boy?
I saw it with my own eyes.
Most people these days look at physical stuff.
WOMEN CAN BE EQUALLY AS GUILTY AS MEN.
That way she can get what she wants.
He said that if I died, he'd kill himself, so I humored him and said, Ok.
LOOK FOR SIGNS THAT SHE LIKES YOU.
Other people are drawn to that and you'll have more friends than you ever dreamed.
Once they are mature enough though..
Then smile, peck him and give him a big hug!
And then, get a big piece of paper and write I LOVE YOU!!!
Most Girls only look for their wallet and they are idiots for doing so.
thats the only solution until you're ready and move on
I wouldn't go back out with him for one thing.
maybe you guys could have a really strong relationship.
Don't mess with the other girl's boyfriend.
[whew got tired of writing that last sentence.]
you can have one with the other.
This is your best friend, your lover and the one person you dream about going old with.
She is 18 and she's a big girly girl.
From parenting Q&A: Q: Is it OK to talk about sex with my 12 year-old?
For the past two weeks , me and my bf did clicking like we used to.
if you've been dating a short time, she probably isn't interested in you anymore.
once; If they are the one, you'll know it.
ITS NOT THE END OF THE WORLD if it goes wrong.
Brake it to her gently that you just don't want her to be at your wedding.
right then , do you have a job?
knowing you can spend the rest of your life devoted to that one person.
I heard Raz B tell that to sister to sister magazine.
oh God I 'm so confused . Please answer my questions.
Don't be afraid, you might get invited and have a blast.
well several diff reasons are you like every guy and do nothing but eat sleep shit and watch TV?
I heard Raz B tell that to sister to sister magazine.
oh God I 'm so confused . Please answer my questions.
Don't be afraid, you might get invited and have a blast.
well several diff reasons are you like every guy and do nothing but eat sleep shit and watch TV?
And btw...I'm speaking from personal experience - it does work - so good luck!!
Ok maybe that's just me again since I like art.
DUREX, unless you want the sensation of a broken condom :)
always Jewlery or chance by channel.
and then , of course , there is always the naughty Christmas gift.
but then kiss him and so
This is the way families are established... Go ahead and be happy, you two!
u gotta get ova that shit.
Men who are best friends are friends because they trust each other
take a cruise you can find cheap if you book late .
Really give it to the Salvation Army
If he doesn't like it-just ask him to cut it
because, they need to decide who has a bigger rack and who @$$ is nicer, lol.
no I heard that it was a rumor.
at the moment I feel like falling in love at the first site.
#1 rule never go back , always go forward.
do you get that a lot, or am I crazy?
What do you look for in guys ' physical appearance?
That score . I am still waiting.
but if not wit until you are really ready.
Use manners, so many people have forgotten that lately!
dude as long as you are not loud and they're already just doing it!
Ever had the girl you don't like and have made fun of and teased suddenly be crazy about you?
TRUE LOVE IS WORTH WAITING FOR,HE SAYS THAT HE is WORKING ON IT, GIVE HIM A CHANCE.
but with love with eyes closed.
And before you ever get married , always get tested together.
Look, you can't keep a woman that wants to be kept.
coz guys do think twice . b4 going for it ..
If the love you have found hurts then, baby it's not love!
And the cultural and religious differences; we won't even go there!
why God set my mind when I ca get him.
well it depends, especially on me.
I say this because once you cheat once you can not stop.
the more she treats me like shit , the better
Men see that as criticism........even though you don't mean for it to be!
yeah....i like this one girl and I only have 2 classes with her
Said He tried to kill her with IT.
who cares if you kissed another girl?
when we were kids , we played that game.
Your gut feeling is usually always right.
yeah....i like this one girl and I only have 2 classes with her
Said He tried to kill her with IT.
who cares if you kissed another girl?
when we were kids , we played that game.
Your gut feeling is usually always right.
and I know that does applies to everyone , but most of them!
Please specifify if it's a gf, wife, stranger, friend, etc.
i think you must give more time for your relationship.
I went crazy and bought my boyfriend all sorts of stuff for the first Christmas.
hey I think either is just fine with me , but I prefer bad guys.
); to me you're taking a chance both ways.
If he is too far gone to saying yes, then you know it is over anyway.
and when sex is too long (after 1 hour, 2 hours, 4 hours, etc.)
Is Gay , What are you interested in?
Try this, but whatever you do, be very genuine , don't be fake.
or if it doesn't break up with him.
usually During the first date , the guy tries to impress you and something goes terribly wrong.
You just don't know about it.
Could be that she is shy.Why don't you give it another chance and talk to her again?
Some men are sexier without hair.
when he feels comfortable with his gf.
ask a friend to do it for you.
I could go on and on about this, but to sum it up , the answer is HELL NO!!!!
No, men just think that women answer questions like that.
i had a great friendship with 37 at the age of 18.
Try to have any details about her!
It If It is respectable and mutual, it is a beautiful thing.
YOU'RE 15 , THAT 's A LITTLE TOO OLD FOR SPANKING IN MY BOOK.
because they want to impress them
do give her too much space, because if you do, that likely going to end up bad!
Try to have any details about her!
It If It is respectable and mutual, it is a beautiful thing.
YOU'RE 15 , THAT 's A LITTLE TOO OLD FOR SPANKING IN MY BOOK.
because they want to impress them
he said no , that means there is no womenly instinct that matters.
The First love is the hardest to forget!
it didn't work out for us.
So I told him that we should be friends.
tell him , Though you are not a stalker , you just felt like saying hi .
or did she give you something.
So tell me why guys do that?
I guess men just get caught more.
But hey.. it's a unique thought!
(Just have to say though, that Chinese lillies are awesome and you can get them in LOADS of colors)
or did she give you something.
So tell me why guys do that?
I guess men just get caught more.
But hey.. it's a unique thought!
(Just have to say though, that Chinese lillies are awesome and you can get them in LOADS of colors)
Porn n : creative activity (writing or pictures or films etc.)
we're just waiting for the catch!
Man I have the same problem!!!
that he's a disrespectful bastard that likes to get smacked in the face.
So I feel u need to move on and still remember your kid.
If you are religious and don't believe in premarital sex, then don't do it.
Yes, but make it a coupon for a blo-job or something like that
Hey, sometimes you find love where you weren't really looking for it.
If not, there's plenty of other fish in the sea baby!
Someone who is not scared to cry.
The bad boy image , sometimes girls like, but I doubt those relationships last too long.
I'm not that kind of guy and I think that guys that are, are cowards.
To young to date or be in love!
they might be feeling the same way and want more too.
Hope you find the right one.
before he goes out dress really sexy so that he can't go out with the boys!
how this makes you feel.
It has been years now and well...what ever?
if she fell in love, Well, it seems hard.
You're not engaged (yet)...so there's really no reason to worry (as of yet).
I think it is wrong to cheat.
there are two ways of cheating in modern day.
trying to get a girl , then taking her picture.
But if you want sex with him, too.. then talk to him all you want.
If you want extravagant, then $20,000.
SO GO & KISSSSS YOUR LOVED ONES & ASK WHETHER THEY FELT CHEATED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RELAX AND IF IT IS MEANT , SHE WILL COME TO YOU.
(FYI: not putting civilian guys down) Good luck hun!
I guess ALL men need is lovin and nuttin else!
no REAL man waits until he is married
Do I REALLY want to get married somewhere else?
If you don't cheat her, she will also never tend to cheat you .
somebody said to just do it within 3 seconds.
(If she doesn't pull away then she WANTS the kiss).
Well , THEY WILL probably HAVE A CELEPHONE If THEY HAVE A PHONE . They will probably BE CHEATEN ON you
it's how tight you know what it is.
how much you should spend depends on a few things.
So now everybody is happy but him!
My answer: (pssst...is it in yet??)
Do you not have grounds for divorce???
Or is it that you want to be the female version of 'The One'??
or wait until you get to know him better to tell him about the kids.
Just don't get 'em mad by getting them drunk!
IS THERE A HEART TO LISTEN TO OR JUST A TEENAGE PUPPY LOVE?
if someone did it to you and you did like it, then why ruin someone 's married
Both The girl I dated and her sister is very beautiful.
get a bass boat instead . You'll have it next summer.
Use it and get him to loose the hag.
if it do stop reporting him to the authorities!
in relationships , I find making out wonderful, then the last place
love is something that two people share.
Not weird, just don't let security catch you!
asking him to pick her up or her.
he likes and we hold hands and he flirts.
trying courting..but do be too fast,take it slow and be a gentleman , Of course .
then you'll be happy and he'll be all yea!!!
Well that all depends on if you want your family and friends there.
and so what if you get the girl, he's just haten
Us guys are so afraid of making the first move...so go on knocking his socks off!!
now he is broke and pissed off all the time.
beside You marry him and you are the one who really proposed.
Baby or Hunni...she call me Pooh Bear, Boo Boo, Her slave...etc.
yes , go for it . You love her .
so take a step if she does says not yet , you have a go ahead.
think long and hard, Do you love him.
IF THAT is NOT AN OPTION . There ARE OTHER SOURCES
it depends what he is lying about
That would depend..are we talking years or days?..do you love her?..if so ..yeah why not?
Let her know what you think about her.
I find a girl that I love.. and I love her for who she is.
it seems small but it means so much!
What can I do to get her back?
love is a thing which everyone gets stuck in love
i feel well when I am with him , but soon after I feel bored....
Don't pull away too fast, and if he pulls you back in...well you know you got one!
1st of all- don't marry him.
She He She said he was just a friend, even referred to him as her homeboy.
THEY NEED NO EXTRA REASON TO KISS LOL HAPPY HOLIDAYS !
Ask yourself this question...Would YOU want some other guy to try to take YOUR girlfriend away from YOU?
she didn't cherish your love like you cherish hers.
is it to make love with somebody?
I'm pretty sure they wouldn't do that for you due to all the pain you'd be in!!
they prefer them with back hair instead
If you're OK w/ Women's Lib, & Girl power, & that stuff, yes.
My boyfriend had not accepted
My boyfriend wanted to have a baby and get married, but changed his mind... too late.
Maybe He thinks ya'll can get back together.
it probably won't for you if religion is a major factor in one of your lives
I guess you mean relationships with gals like sex or love, from their boyfriend or husband.
My boyfriend had not accepted
My boyfriend wanted to have a baby and get married, but changed his mind... too late.
Maybe He thinks ya'll can get back together.
it probably won't for you if religion is a major factor in one of your lives
I guess you mean relationships with gals like sex or love, from their boyfriend or husband.
Other bitches call my house 24/7 and I have to tell them off.
You can do it , but that is nasty and your kids would come out all wrong
The list is too long to name
but sometimes it is not so n sure one can judge the best him/herself
Hi Kat, you have to be safe with this one.
I THINK NOW MEN AND WOMEN CHEAT FOR VARIOUS REASONS.
Why not say it if you are not married if you really mean it?
your questions do make no sense!!!!!!
yes, go to the courthouse and ask for the paperwork..usually it is only about 200 bucks.
Do exactly what your heart is telling you then.
If you didn't have sex with him.
grow some nuts and talk to her.
Guys don't really care too much about birthdays like women do.
If he is already in love with others , don't distrube him and search for another guy.
a woman will stay with a man no matter what anyone says , if she loves him
I want a baby badly too, but why make myself miserable and poor by having it now?
Although guys rarely take girls back , but girls seem to take guys back.
make me feel happy and free
I don't think you will ever stop loving your ex.
It LOL It is Kinda like a caveman gene.
as far as the two of you are willing to work at keeping it that way.
i think it is a turn off only because I do like the way it feels on my face.
Funny cuz I have that problem , but I try.It helps some though.
but if you wonder why lesbians hate you, youve already answered your own question.
All it doing is ask for trouble.
I call her my Meali'i and I am her po'okela.
Hey...you wanna go back to my place, order a pizza, and hump?
ask urself these questions...did he have the money?
And if it doesn't, just be happy being happy
If you like more things , then go for them
*> BUT THAT COLD is NOT GIVING YOU SOMETHING FOR YOUR BIRTHDAY.
i'll create one and give it up...wait
and Now you have your love back.
If it works out, great...if not, no loss.
Is because they are friends and family ?
NOW . That ALL DEPENDS ON WHAT YOU LOOK LIKE .
Most people at my school know that I 'm gay anyway.
Did it work, (even if it was for a laugh) and why?
i think he just left elementary school, w/ F's in every class!!
i feeling liar I should do something.
Lots of things to think about if you're looking for life!
I 'm 17 and she has been with me since I was 8 , I think.
its illegal and the 20 year old should be put away
Oh try it with the lights on!
When men talk to men , they rarely lie...
Because most guys are wussies around women.
One I just never hit it off with.
I hope you like it and use it . I really think it is sweet.............
If she can't see what a wonderful person you are, then she is not the one for you...
show (dont tell) her that you can fullfil all her needs and want!
i really couldn't tell you what it was but all I know is that it is fun...and feels good!!
without grabbing her arm or stepping to her to be rejected.
if your mother thanks its OK tell someone else.teacher,nurse at school.
BUY HER WHAT YOU WANT HER TO HAVE . After ALL , IT is THE THOUGHT THAT COUNTS
she will if you are nice to her and do things for her and be an idiot to her .
whiles standing in front of the phone with her, of course...
nothing It just makes the illegal, legal
but carry on, love and be loved!
My sis and Bro keep bugging me and I keep asking them to stop bugging me.
y Do they always forget important dates , unlike us women .
if I see a cute woman, how do I ask her out?
I got divorced and went broke... she didn't care...
I have no real advice, because I can't do it by myself.
he sounds like he likes playing mind games to make girls crazy about him.
they say it is a man 's ego but a woman is a hoe.
don't no girl wants to weak a$$ man so you can't be a punk about it.
blah and then call only once a week?
maybe going to the beach . something interesting and creative.
Once again . Trust me . it works
but unless you are fed up , do break up and ask him why he n't give you gifts.
You need to go somewhere you can talk and just hang out and have fun.
Don't deal with anyone throwin' curve balls at you!
Unless you can't afford it , then don't bother... lol.
though he was honest, it still sucks.
Just be careful, A lot of guys are users.
I don't know, you are the one in love, right?
SEE I BROKE UP WITH THIS GIRL AND THEN IT BROKE MY HEART .
well , kill them with kindness , has always had a funny sound to it.
BUT IF ALL YOU GET IS PROMISES AFTER PROMISES, WATCH OUT!
its a friend but you can have sex and it 's OK = )
trying to listen before speaking . You might miss out on something important .
and If you love a girl , the age doesnt matter is all about feelings...
Someone I like, attracted to, who shares my dreams!
yea it's possible.kids sometimes don't come out right
Best of luck in your search.
I doubt Einstien knows the answer to that!
be yourself and be confident and don't let the other man take your lucky woman from you GOOD LUCK!!!
Yes, guys never mind girls asking them out.
if you really like Hem yes , you Should try to get my boyfriend back
so you should probably do it in his bed.
people are crazy bitches these days .
But I do enjoy it more when I find a big guy.
to give ugly people their first kiss
if you want to have sex , use your hand.
YES... Hope it worked for you, I've discovered that they suck anyway.
An ice cold six pack and have a good game on the tube!!
he problems want to take it slow or become friends with benefits
b/c In the end , you will all get burned if you do
You just have to wait on her, she's out there.
Ain't that great news !
It's like asking why women find bald men attractive.
lol you put the peepee in the vagina and hump hump hump
the same reasons that men cheat on women... personally I do know.
Wow my friend is going thru that mmmm but her 16 mmmm adoption is the best
And don't be too nice either - we like guys who are a bit bad :) Good luck!
Try a country bar... there are a lot of them there...
does it matters in today 's world
So she asked for the moon.
yes, but it doesn't last long.
Well , it would be as special if you did write it yourself now ? Would it
do worried you will still find someone who really is in love with you, Just keep looking.
thy looking at it that way
, even though it's not easy , move on.
it means he is still heterosexual and still alive .
get her something she can use with her husband.
oh my god, do you even have to ask that?
i think most people like to have a Christmass gift
, even though it's not easy , move on.
it means he is still heterosexual and still alive .
get her something she can use with her husband.
oh my god, do you even have to ask that?
i think most people like to have a Christmass gift
You don't want someone that reminds you of your dad, that would be kind of creepy.
Well I believe in love at first sight , but some are just a mere infatuation as we call it.
not if that 's what you enjoy and you like the moment... and regret does come.
just forget it and save yourself the embarrassment.. trust me.
he just expressed his love and he has every right and what has happened to man.
Yeah I would probably say yes if you were nice .
i finally wised up and left.
You're not married to a guy right?
If she got mad , she was that good of a friend afterward
then again after our third one.
hmmm,sure you did not misspell kamasutra coz we're going into a completely different line of appraoch here,lol.
open for guys and chics to answer...
is this like love at first sight?
when you think you are mature enough to handle the drama that comes along with getting involved with a guy!
your heart cheated long ago if you were kissing someone else
i appreciate n agree with the above answer
another wise , whatever trips your triger
shoot that was a big mistacke!
There once was a man from Nantucket... lol
if you really like her, do something corny, like her fav,fruit she'll never forget.
Now I'm with a person I totally trust and I couldn't be happier and the ex is happier too.
The heck with that guy . He is a two - time loser.
figure out what you like about both of them - and decide who makes you happiest.
If you do it online , you just get a little help.
(then eyelashes; bf has really long eyelashes and IT'S DEAD SEXY.)
JUST TRY TO STAY OUT the other WAY.
unless & until your penis enters that girl 's vagina, u r virgin.
& if things do work out , just tell Urself I was 2 gud 4 him Newayz good luck.
who knows, you might be a spoiled brat who needs a good whippin'.
Its depends if they are not phycho's or stalkers.
women are individuals...just tell her that you're simple - minded and have her tell you outright what is wrong.
Tessa, you took the thought right out of my head!
What do they say size does matter?
I only say I love you when I mean it.
( watch the movie Walk in the cloud)
Now, Did I try to fight it?
And instead of you being the one looking for the girl,your the one going looking for.
Depends..are you materialistic and shallow?...if so then YES.. if not ..NO...life is too short for trivial things.
some people spend the rest of their lives together without ever saying I love .
Don't tell her - SHOW her.
Some guy walking down the street saw it and said " You are a gentleman.
nooo star wars is over rated and that crap!
LOVE HURTS BECAUSE IT IS REAL.....
How old are you and why do you want a wife ?
just act like it doesnt matter and you will be cool.
Yes , wait until you are married!
and definitely not be a jerk if you do want to be slap!
if you want to call then call.
with words coming from your mouth!
I don't know what I am going to do either.
some will tell you to forget about him, but I not that hard.
Actually, even thinking about someone without your partner knowing is cheating.
Hi, my name is <insert name here>, what's yours?
Your avatar is bald, so I'm assuming you are, too, and I wanted your bonus points!!)
make him feel like he is a man!
using people-talk openers like 'Do you know Steve?'
And you said I was a loser.
Talking about cars, cell phones, & buddies, positively
showed how important he thinks it all is.
Tell him something like, We shouldn't be doing this.
I threatening to put more garlic in his food if he didn't back off!!
I n't go down on a girl thats stank.
Find a distraction - school, work, X-mas shopping (just no subsance abuse, OK?).
Most women I meet are married, have b/f, or have 5 kids and can't date.
Yeah unless you related to them or they already have a girlfriend
don't even try, he will see through it.
In other words, its not like you just went out & turned up pregnant.
give it up, Girl you deserve better!
under 25-30 bucks but it is my favorite gift yet....
hey babe ping me on coolnishith2000@yahoo.com.
I'll pray for you.. God bless. you
AND If YOU ARE, DO HIM A favor , DUMP HIM.
I don't see anything wrong with this , but how do I reason with them?
i to hang out with friends and let him wonder where you are and what you're doing.
Get over it and do your homework!
for some, it feels like falling.
TO GIVE ANYONE A REASON TO KISS EVER NOTICE THE HOTT ONES NEVER STAND UNDER IT THO ??
the guilt trip, the unsureness, it's all difficult, especially when you've got the mind of a girl.
love simply flies away when hunger knocks.
take him out for pizza or playing sports.
looking for a woman to date
I guess to put in just one word---kind.
trying to meet his relatives or friends who love him and make them as a mediator
Nope the speed of the air comin' out is toooo much
I mean you might think a girl you know is hot.
11 real red roses 1 fake red rose I love you till the last one dies
We're not best friends, but anyway......
Go to a gym (they're working out, and it's coed).
I just realized you said how, that's good.
Then...no one else will appear in your dream
You need to find a guy who actually cares about women ^_^.
trying out my TOP 5 -- it works.
Every time I look into my girlfriend's eyes, I can see the beach.
Perhaps ur not as snuggly as yahoo and where's he now, Why are you on the comp?
i do think they all do but I would guess that a bunch of them do
so She left me high and dry.
re you willing to fight till the end?
If you truly do want her back, then you want her to be happy no matter what.
You're not cheating, you're just outsourcing your orgasms.
You probably can't do it without offending him.
remember actions that speak louder than words.
it could happen to you too.... just put yourself in his shoes and judge yourself!!!
yes , Sometimes , time is like to be alone .
that was better than a man
Avoid worn-out party pick ups like 'Do you want another drink?'
its like a trampoline... Only two can be in the air and one is bouncing
This is my first year ever having a guy w/ me for Christmas.
It Sounds like he just wants to have sex with you.
:) Just remember it's the rest of your life, how much you love and trust each other.
you kant expect neone to love you when they do keep it cool dude!
My ex-girlfriend and I am alone at my house.
Your father will eventually come around . Trust me!
Takes a long time to know you are a somebody & stop accepting anything less!
well , talk to him , tell him to choose 'cause you are settingyour yourself up for hurt
i have been with the man I love for only 9 months and we are getting married March 25,2006
When the time is right Wham ... you got hit.
Don't tell her she can't hang out with him or you've already lost.
My mom asks for a list every year , so we get something we want.
STOP LOOKING SO HARD AND SHE WILL COME TO YOU!!
It makes you feel like it does matter.
Do you think we love our parents, grandparents.
just forget that you had a very bad nightmare.
tell him everything but the cheating with a friend part
Yes, long as you have it every day!!
Yes , you should stay with him . Maybe time will fix it.
If you like her and you feel her interested . Yes.
it frowns on women who just want to get freaky.
like in my case, I do mind doing laundry, but I HATE folding clothes and hanging them up.
Of course , That is about when I started liking people.
But it would be great to marry a girl/boy who loves u and viceversa.
If you like empty parking lots, then stick with them,
he knew it was right , but he did want to be alone.
So I hope what I said helps!
I even don't know if he is alive.
You just learned to French kiss.
it would&#92;could be awkward but I think I would rather have a girl ask me out
I do think it is harmful at all.
Definitely clean, that freshly showered smell, the smell of soap and water and clean clothes...does it every time!
AND then IF THE OTHER BITCH IS THERE , YOU AND YOUR MOTHER KICK HER ASS.
invite her over and pop in a porno
men are individuals just as we are.
hey I want to be your friend
I'm sorry that guy was such a butthole, no woman deserves that!
Try Dooney & Bourke- they have some cute bags in the $135-$150 range
I don't care what anybody says, somebody is gonna lose a trailer.
tell him/her how come it is over/gone.
so ask Urself what it is
I'm sorry that guy was such a butthole, no woman deserves that!
Try Dooney & Bourke- they have some cute bags in the $135-$150 range
I don't care what anybody says, somebody is gonna lose a trailer.
tell him/her how come it is over/gone.
so ask Urself what it is
if you wait too long, you will have over thought it.
maybe He wants to be friends but really wants it to go further but he isn't ready yet.
THE EYES, THE WALLET AND THEN THE EARS.
But if he's not, dump him.
it don't need any third party applications
Get hurt physically or something else?
How do you get back at a cheater?
Actually I think that one of the states that start with an 'i' does marriages for gay couples
me and the guy broke up and his friend asked me out afterwards.
That alone makes me not want his sorry ass.
Get hurt physically or something else?
How do you get back at a cheater?
Actually I think that one of the states that start with an 'i' does marriages for gay couples
me and the guy broke up and his friend asked me out afterwards.
If you whine he'll think you're a b****.
depends on who you are doing it with
and course a sense of humor.....chocolate and wine never hurts!
And, of course, they are young men...they want sex.
if he's afraid of committment, then I don't know what you could do.
THING'S MIGHT CHANGE ANY MOMENT FOR GOOD.
love is what you make it.
you just try to forget everything good, and remember everything bad.
I do Know, And trust me I have had sex before !
and how much total you have to work with.
Ya if you live in Alabama hahahhahah
if he gets nervous around you and says stupid things.
Take 'em to chuckie cheese or whatever 5 year-olds like now.
suppose He's a duck hunter...buy her some waders.
Lose him, and don't give up.
and you know that he is a married man.
It It It is like you are kissing them
And I know she has been hanging out with him lately.
`` SAy something like Hey ya want to grab something to eat?
Try setting her up on a blind with a guy with some morals...
cuz its not about him or u its about us (the both of you make sure its real PS.
You got it all wrong, hon!
when you feel hurt, That means, you care for that person.
and, I have to admit, after really good sex, you get a certain feeling of primal possessiveness, i.e.
Some people are into it and some are not.
I no I 'm one and I want
Um...no, unless you want to go illegal.
Some people are into it and some are not.
or else he is dead....either way, he's gone!
I no I 'm one and I want
Feel good that you just did it!!!
Kaely thinks you are a dork.
totally I ask for naughty things all the time :)
If it worked once , why not again?
But it's like any other group of people, compatibility isn't always easy.
My work here is done, toodles!
Then you should GET ON WITH YOUR LIFE!
Just give it to him straight.
Be there for her in the good and bad , as you always have.
What this do is make the girl want you more because it becomes like a test for them.
Or, if he does like guys, jump his bones!
moving on, being happy, screwing his friend, becoming a lesbian, Please give him some good , maybe even funny advice.
OK . Cupid has lots of strange tests and matches you with people based on them.
Family is generally a pretty good place to start...
i think you should keep trying.
and the woman at home cat must not be good to him anymore.
Lil hug and kiss touchin things like that.
Why do you need a free girl weekend
its true, most women want to know that they are...well wanted, and sexy.
let her know what you were thinking from the start.
Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is that what you are asking?
'm sorry I thought you were gay
Or an average looking girl that actually cares about other things other than herself.
maybe try to convince him you want a lot more than just a hook-up.
all for one and one for all.
I had an ex who cheated, lied, etc.
don't let any kids see your dirty little Christmas list!
You just have to keep looking.
Further You need not to tell, him he himself will tell you
This is how the whole gettin a girl thing work, girls like nice guys as friends only.
Hi, I am Kong, some call me King.
Remember there are plenty more fish in the sea...
BUT if you do not mean it , then you should not say it.
people trying too hard and usually end up with something they want later on down the road .
Someone out there is going to find you attractive no matter what you look like.
It starting with someone else .......she is most likley
Now it seems like just an ordinary, everyday thing!
Do you just not like him?
Then you won't have to worry about the label, you'll be Husband & Wife again!
Even if he's not gay, it doesnt have to mean it's cheating!
Don't bother dating, just renew the marriage & MAKE IT WORK!
i think that you should talk to him about it.
i did once, many years ago.
So... yea.. it just all depends on who the person is and how honest they are with you.
No gift, That a big mistake.
If so, weigh out all the pro's and con's (make an academic list on paper!!
You can't have it both ways.
you'll never know unless you ask.
If you really love him , you would recognize that size doesnt matter
do worry about hell coming to you.
I believe that some do, some don't.
How do you know that if you get with he won't do the same thing to you?
if it doesnt make you happy . Why are you doing it.
If you really love him , you would recognize that size doesnt matter
do worry about hell coming to you.
I believe that some do, some don't.
How do you know that if you get with he won't do the same thing to you?
if it doesnt make you happy . Why are you doing it.
I know how to keep my apartment neat, do laundry, etc.
Think of something he always bugs you about when you are around.
Beyond that, it's freakin' nobody's business!
they always think the grass is greener on the other side.
What way can you give a guy pleasure?
would you do me the honor of bieng my wife?
Belive me, What ever you decide you can handle it!!
I don't know a guy anywhere that would like a poem unless it's about beer and boobs.
just leave , be honest and straight up tell them that it 's not gonna work.
like emails and stuff like that?
If she Acts like that, You probably should be friends with her.
some want it every day and some want it twice a month.
and toucing things have really improved .
girls cheat less because they are scared of being cheated by the guy she tries to cheat.
it sounds like you love the person but feel that they love you.
turn-on..intelligence, sense of humor, great teeth and smile, tall sexy man, men cologne turn-off..sarcasm, ignorance, bad hygeine, materialistic, unemployed
So sex it up, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex, sex.
Life never turns out the way people want it too.
the love they deserved to have
When men talk to women , they have to lie a lot...
as a Catholic I say after , but as a lonely chic is say before ,
But, you marry your life-partner only.
When you give of yourself, and allow yourself to love, and the other person just isn't there with you...
Find out what it is & try to accomodate...it might help in more ways than you know... Good luck!
His favorite television series on DVD ?
without getting turned down and painfully.
they aren't as complex and they just need to get over their ego.
What does this have to do with singles and dating?
buy her a K&N filter charger for her car!
first ask the basic 'w' questions: who was she?
Whatever you do, Don't give up your friendship with your boyfriend just to make your boyfriend happy.
Can you guys please tell me where there is a nice place to have fun... san francisco or lake Taho...
For the same reason that women do ... ask any lesbian!
It might not be that you are a loser at all.
U find what you are not looking for.
we rnt supposed 2 people here....thats stupid
Quite frankly , nice guys are taken seriously . There more looked at as the brother type , not the dating type .
if your a guy, 14 and with the teacher if your a girl, 21
so, be honest and try your luck!
;) Seriously, if you don't want her in, don't ask her.
Well the rest is up to you :D
It would probably bother me if he did
of course , you can love a person even if you are not married.
so, be honest and try your luck!
;) Seriously, if you don't want her in, don't ask her.
Well the rest is up to you :D
It would probably bother me if he did
of course , you can love a person even if you are not married.
i would just walk away . Do it just walk away and the ghost might not hear you .
I gotta argue with that one.
hopefully you aren't too old or you are screwed.
First you have to get yourself busy.
Anyway we are all exagerate don't we -- let me know how it goes - info@ianjennings.com
Show her that you took the time to make it special.
shouldnt be that hard . They're easier to spot :P
'cause if there is one , then there will be plenty more to come
this , you just have to wait for her
if You are a starving artist...don't spend 300 dollars.
The true and honest love always win!
I want a man with confidence.
Heck.. you just might find Mrs.
you do not have to be married to say I love you
high school (according to my brother).
It means I'm just not that into you.
fight your urge friends are worth more than cheap thrills.
my muscles and my eyes girls go crazy for it wat r your three best features I'm curious ???????????
have you get him anything for his day
if you do tell her do go into great details, mostly the mom part.
Moral of the story, Don't be something you're not... be yourself ;-).
Do I don't what to screw up with your line.
SO MANY THINGS TO DO HERE IF YOU SPEAK Portugese..
Yeah, but do show him that you really really like him . Then he might freak out!
Did Have you ever asked a girl out?
Plus if she lets you lick her feet then you might have to fulfill her weird fetish too.
Wow, didn't know I could go so long.
Is there some unwritten rule about the girl never saying I love you first?
depent how deep you know each other.... about common interests and a lot more....
yes it is ok to fall in love with a young single guy
even if the man isn't gay, it's not considered cheating.
And I'd strap on a six shooter and make her call me Tom Selleck for spite!
but shameless flirting never hurt anyone.
Ask him if he is gay?
Maybe you just haven't found the right girl or maybe you haven't noticed the right girl.
you can tell him what I do .
with the following words coming out of your mouth...would you go out with me?
Well you might have scared him a bit, especially if you got something expensive.
Mine is a Doc and She is a Kimber
do feel bad, My son is 31 and still single.
GET OUT AND SMELL THE COFFEE.....
that way, they can leave without any problem.
This one doesn't care about you.
just tell her, or write her a note.
Is it because, I'm a giant gorilla and she's a woman?
in other words, if you are dating a gigalo, don't kid yourself into thinking he's prince charming.
all I can say is you know her and what she likes.
Get ready for an odd little story!
no...it doesn't matter the size...it definitely is how you use it!
IT'S A FACT...I CAN DEAL WITH IT...
well personal things you need to pick.
If there is nothing you disagree on . Can you just file and be done.
Well guys in a nutshell are assholes.
But if he treats you or the baby bad , then I would say NO!
Also when we kiss , no matter how badly I want to or he wants to move , we do
Well I don't see why there's such a fuss over sex before marriage.
Maybe she's got her eyes on some other guy and you just stepped into her line of vision...
if you hurt all the time , then you need to find someone else.
And trust me.......you so I don't want to mess with her!
Oh mothers........ where did that come from?
maybee you do know what lonely means .
and anyone that says they love you would never put you in their way.
If you love the woman get married.
coz you have it in your ID catchme.
Get to know the girl...no matter whether she's larger or smaller, if the connection is there, looks won't matter!
She may just like you back!
If you love the woman get married.
coz you have it in your ID catchme.
good cute bodies & style & their faces & etc .
Get to know the girl...no matter whether she's larger or smaller, if the connection is there, looks won't matter!
She may just like you back!
You just have to guess and hope for the best.
out with dinner and then go have fun and do something like bowling
It sounds to me like someone being led on.
Yuo ten to get peace from praying.
I don't want her to be at my wedding.
Well, whatever you do, don't have one of your parents call to break up with him
i will know by; the care and feeling she shows around me
And If they think they are, it's a very good indication that they aren't.
The is only foolish men who cheat
find out what she really wants, and be that if you can.
not unless he has no desire to talk to her.
its frusterating, but then again...a blast!!
Tiger: Don't listen to any of them, they are all wrong.
Sry, Yall- this is like my 4th post.
stop wasting your time and his and just leave already.
There is this guy I like and we are kinda dating but we have made it offical.
Now I just get him things he'll have fun with.
Becuz, We are trying to train you to do everything you want
you do need someone there to do it badly
Personally . I run down the street an get me a Big Mac and get my tummy full/
maybe he just likes you and is trying to fill the void?...
Most of the nice girls are married.
I THINK THAT AT THAT AGE, YOU ARE JUST beginning TO LIVE.
but I wouldn't try to impress her by being just that b/c relationships aren't all about humping.
If he wants to be more than friends with her , then he won't tell her what you said.
ost ladies like it when a guy can make her laugh.
Freekin punch that so - called friend in the face . Then Ull feel warm and fuzzy inside!
or something cute and simple , like a teddy bear or even a poem!
Most guys will get over it.
It ignore him and forget about it....revenge is not worth it .
I like clubs because they are loud and women always go in groups.
to some women , I`m in between it kinda matters it kinda doesnt matter
OuT DINNER is always good....but do take her to your house...take her OUT
He cheated, How do I get rid of it?
Yes, and she became my wife.
if you like a girl , do do n't get to know her as a friend 1st.
girls do that anyway, whether they are conscious of it or not.
Wait till you find the right one that you love!
and you can start a conversation.
you Canalways step to him first
Your perfect guy will come at the perfect time
5th: You don't care what they look like or anything,and you can't name if you like them.
And oh yeah, wear something short.
Come on guys, we are not picking on you, it is a known fact!
and if you really want to get to know me , call me at 307 351 2765
let the kid believe what they believe.
When she keeps flirting with you.
Come on guys, we are not picking on you, it is a known fact!
and if you really want to get to know me , call me at 307 351 2765
let the kid believe what they believe.
as a girl, I'm gonna say it's pretty hard for me.
When women talk to women they lot a lot...
from that , You can tell how she is being true with you?
THAT'S NO REASON TO DUMP A BF.UNLESS YOUR A MATERIAL GIRL.
sure she does...until he gets bored with her and moves on to his next conquest.
women had self esteem by being a good mom and wife.
?and why would you want someone who can so easily be taken from the guy they are with??
if still can't write him a letter.
then blurt it out like a joke.
is there something going on with them?
its a big step , especially with a shy girl.
I gotta have it all, love and everything else.
Some men freak out about that much responsibility.
but there could be tons of possibilities why she is like that.
But I wish I did Maybe because we're so different and always trying to impress one another.
It's just a feeling that starts in my gut kinda
perhaps by scaring guys off... good luck to you
So I don't know what to do .
no baby . I see it free good
Gvie her time to feel 'at home'.
only you will know if he truly loves you or not
get her a gift card so you don't have to worry about anything
Oh BTW, I'm not really that butchy, kinda in between..haha...but anyways, just had to add that in there...
'm a man, I like it when my women shove the boo-ahs in my face
OK, this is something I know about, This is all I can say, HONESTY IS THE BEST POLICY.
true true... it goes and no one knows...
She to play, but I do.
I would become a sex master, After that I would get married and teach my wife all about it.
So, they had sex & the woman left him.
danceing, then go to the moves!
Right, no, but is he really blowing you off?
regarding what is wrong w/ him..... unknown.
But some are into big girls.
but then if you just happen to see her and like her , then you could observe her actions.
fyi... he's sitting behind me answering questions as we speak.
that magic only exists in fairy tails.
they seem so happy to talk among themselves and nothing else???
I see too many women like this ALL THE TIME!!
If not, that sucks , but at least you'll know, and she'll be happy.
But all in all , do something different.
and Some ladies wonder why there isn't a faithful guy out there.
First, if he loves it...respect him.
Wear something sexy but not slutty.
its a way way of showing love like any other way.
!Ha Ha Ha!I don't mean that.But go to blind date,Yahoo Personals, or Google personals
I still wanted to send it to him , but I never got a response.
pretend that she does not exist
try asking him for a reason.
just go for it...even though I think you should start from 8th grade and over
Once there keep in the center of the action - don't hide in the kitchen etc.
STAINLESS STEEL SET WHICH WILL BE USEFUL FOR THEIR DAY TO DAY USE .
Should I tell her now, I don't want her in it?
You do you each have to move on.
Girls seem to pick each other b/f's.
Firstly - there are plenty of men who like bigger women - it's all a matter of personal taste.
wat he does is his thing.
I cannot go back to someone like that , can I?
He will probably cheat on you again.
Now she is talking to this new guy and I found out that she's hanging out with him.
There is so much more both of you have....... take the time to find it.
i don't trust these online poeple search companies.
I, I have been told to don't look, she will find you.
I saw him naked with her.
Lets kiss and find out ;)
If you looking for love , you will never find it.
I will tell you a secret..
Call me for more Questions at 307 351 2765
What if you hug all your friends when you say hi?
take a chance and do it
look her up or just look for her.
Move on and get a life.
and next time don't be so stupid and say things that you will regret.
GOD SAVES THE BEST FOR LAST
(at the end , ask him if you still could talk about it personally to make it formal... =)
That girl is a little bit my friend.
But don't give them that I love you stuff because that a turn off from the start....Be confidence
i don't think there is any thing wrong as long as you love that person
talk to her in loving manners, but do be too pushy.
Do what your heart tells you.
I can't stop thinking about girls that I know . Is it okay for me to have sex ?
(What if kids aren't even possible?
SEX & ATTENTION -THEY ARE too YOUNG TO KNOW WHAT THEY want
should I just try and ask a girl out at my school
ive planned only a few but my input is 7-10g's.
Pass on him some hints of your liking.
something she will love for ever Merry Christmas ...... coming from the haert
If you love this guy, it doesn't matter.
when you are mature enough to understand your own feelings
Yes, he's been cheating on you.
i know what I 'm talking about.
so telling him and then start making a list.
no, but I would be-friend them!
And that your friends are ONLY friends!
I hate short hair for girls.
your own hand, or your sock?)
Why can't MEN stay at home and watch SPORTS on their home TV without their friends..??
I do think men should hit women at all.
Why not stay home and talk!
If you hurt someone like that , then you will love them.
it is if you can't tell your girlfriend/wife about it.
not All girls like rich boys and some like fat boys . I hate the rich type.
well there are probably websites for that.. There are plenty of single women though.
who knows he may be doing something nice to you?
GET A LIFE AND DO YOUR SCHOOL WORK
buy a red cheek poweder to increase shyness cuz shy girls are amazing
Don't bother getting too upset with this.
It depends on if you ever plan on meeting
one has the word word in it and the other has the word note in it .
Come on.....everybody has at least one insane one.
and make it very clear what you want once you've got him hooked.
It It's not that guys don't want to help.
let him know what you feel.
Chances are He will be back
The wallet is a plus though =)
I know it sounds kinda stupid to be talking to yourself, but it really helps.
sending the kids with your spouse.
or anything else for that matter?
Of course , you don't want to pay.
man, am I the only one to do this.
Well, when I stop talking about it & do it right in front of him...loudly...he normally gets the message.
That's not horrible, it's just practical.
WEll if you do want to flirt ( if you are shy especially ) then don't.
Just think of it as a boob trifecta.
or is it just a thing for you
girls don't want a guy that they can run over.
I'm thick and I've never had a problem.
boyfriends and girlfriends come and go , but your true friends will always be there for you.
23 is very young and you have a lot of growing up to do.
Can't go wrong w/ a single rose
Well did you boink the guy or what?
My parents don't like it . My mom says well if they make you happy and my dad hates it.
now I have a man that I am seeing that would never even think about another girl.
see it for what it is.
i sounded just like you not too long ago.
tell your girl I bet she will think so too.!
Does it mean to trust care and respect somebody?
He's an ex because he's an EX...no more!
If I cheat on my boyfriend because he never puts out?
probably He likes you , but something is holding him back.
Hope that helps, rock her world for me
As for those that don't.. it's their loss :)
Well mainly , it is just him.
If you ask that question that YOU ARE GAY!!!!
because they might like you and do want you to know things.
Do anyone know what I should do?
They also don't like men of other races and colour, but you know what?
People at school think I am a nerd .
Second , none of my lesbian friends hate me, they just find men attractive.
until one comes along and they start beginning and pleading.
If you do feel hurt, that just goes to show that you do care about him or her.
Tell him that you don't want him to do that anymore.
is this the kid of a relationship you want from a boyfriend.
NO---as long as they have an orgasm ---who cares how much you weigh!
you do want to move to Africa, they are everywhere.
Pick one up and give it a try!
i really like him and he asked me out last year before we did anything I told him no.
Raising kids as a GAY IS wrong and immoral period!
Good luck with the boyfriend & happy holidays.
Why not he just might be Mr.
y bother in the first place..
i guess the only consolation to that is honesty.
i not that how my friends are , but I don't lie I'm already good.
Us women are not so complex creatures really.... Good Luck!
If he says no and you believe him, then there you go.
How can I forget it all in my mind?
Why don't you just ask her and then go from there.
Sounds like an excuse........well, you can always kick the kids out somewhere.
give her a nice and simple gift . She'll love it .
If your love hurts... let it go.
WE MEN ARE INSECURE...REPEAT AFTER ME.
move on,, if she wanted to find you she would have...
just be charmin and sweet girls like that
If they are just friends, he will tell her what you said.
?....gee, If it's his, he'll know..lol
1st consider getting a dictionary so that u r able to spell the word anniversary.
What's so funny is he's 20yrs.
a guy who really cares for you will make the time to call and say hi.
do you forgive him and stay or do you figure it as a love-crime and walk??
stupid question, try writing it better.
He just want to use you WHENEVER.
I LIKE TO THINK THEY WILL UNDERSTAND AND PROTECT YOU.
so plz take the right step and have deep thinking to take any decision.
Didn't you promise to love honor, etc.
If you do not mean it do not say it.
Tell me how things go .
If you have to ask, she probably is.
there's nothing really bad flirting with a guy.
i did not like kissing men or having sex with them.
I'm a guy... and the poems I like most are limerick poems...
I picking it up and just stare at it.
Then, hand the girl a drink, even if she already has one in her hand, say here, have another.
never doing a movie on a first date.
(that's even more modern in thinking).
let her know that you would rather leave , than to cheat because you care that much about her.
One day they want space and the next day they want a relationship!
but identifying it is a whole different matter
if she freaks out with a firearm, I wouldn't want anything to do with her anyway.
For some one to say 'I LOVE YOU . They just need to love you
give it another try, Sometimes it takes time, If you like , you do give up .
my my choose one from your neighbour house man and enjoy your holiday with her.
But Most women prefer it to be just them two.
do waste your life over one girl!!
SHIT I WOULD DATE THEM BOTH.
First of all, what kind of guy says he would never ***** as you put it?
think about it..but before it- smile please!!!!
Look around, grab whatever tickles your fancy and have a ball.
yr going to be with 1000 cats and rats if you do stop it .
because they think that there is something that they are missing.
ya got to love getting older.
you deserve someone that will only look and want you.
BUT If NOT , YOU SHOULD PROBABLY TALK TO A GRANDPARENT OR GREAT FRIEND.
I WANT TO BE YOUR FRIEND
Now I'm with a girl I totally trust and she I both very happy.
just show that you like him.
first , make sure to test him and you must take the decision to take off.
Just don't let him pressure you into stuff you do not want.
of course , I would date outside my race.Everybody needs lovin no matter what .
I want a fat and hairy obese woman that belittles me in public.
DO you HANG WITH YOUR FRIENDS?
I The I QUESTION SHOULD BE . Am I IN LOVE WITH HIM ? I LOVE HIM.
Do the household chore she hates most!
Don't let him and he won't.
say hey Momacta let me hit that
you probably haven't been looking in the right places . Do worry there someone for everyone>
take what you can from it.
you may not realize it , but you men are just as confused as us women!
Till then, you hang in there!
It is all in your hand
It's not a good thing to date your ex's sibling!
It depends if she likes you too ,
if you guys are okay with the religious difference, then marry.
Go look up some e cummings There's tons of good poetry that guys like.
i am not this way, but my husband is.
some men are just stuiped like that .
But Lil mamma it is doable.
personally , If I were her, I would want to go to a movie and then go out to eat.
Just spend some time hanging out.
Just accept him and be friends.
He usually buys stuff if he wants it, so he doesn't need anything.
I dont like him, he is no good for you, or you can do better than that!!!
ya doing what you want . It is your life .
It's ok to be afraid, but don't let that stop you!
Just accept him and be friends.
He usually buys stuff if he wants it, so he doesn't need anything.
I dont like him, he is no good for you, or you can do better than that!!!
ya doing what you want . It is your life .
It's ok to be afraid, but don't let that stop you!
it depends if you love him or not.
Now thinking whether it could happen with your ex...
be a friend Do let your feelings for her get you further away from your goal.
feed that person that should keep them quiet for a while
; ) That should shut them up.
I love sleeping with my wife.
If you have to ask yourself that question, then there's a good chance
I love him so much and don't want the flame to die.
Trust me , having sex after marriage does not mean you are not cool, weak or even stupid.
becuz they had it with someone else . b4
but just remember, it does matter
tell me if you find an answer
I THINK THAT AGE is nothing BUT A NUMBER.
Me, I'm not sure if I wanna get married any time soon...I'm young and with little experience.
I have a feeling she is seeing another guy , but I'm n't sure.
But this is only my opinion
so that every night he has to lie in bed so that his girlfriend and friend had sex
I look to see what keeps her going from day to day.
give them a hint or flirt a little , then tell them that you like him/her
No your not a bad person . You just have needs.
I wish I was that lucky
then you need to set a budget.
Yeah, good thing I like Twilight Zone music
IF HE IS NOT WORTH IT.
When I told him movies, carnivals, eating out, a concert, he said So, you ARE all about spending money!
and he won't already have a mrs. right.
dummy that was a dumb question!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Because men lie just because they think they can get away with it.
The Best advice is just not to ask guys out.
i don't think its true that lesbians hate men.
I agree, there is good and bad... Just get to know them.
it gets more detailed , but this is just an interview
give it me if you do know what to do with it.
My friend wants to know (maybe that friend of mine is me...)
I'm in one now and straight LOVING IT!
If you just want to play but aren't the serious - minded type - tell her that too.
Then I toned it back a bit.
no It hot... What's sexy?
a person only has one sould mate, one true love.
Matter of fact, me and my boyfriend'll meet ya up there cause we're gonna get married too!
just tell him/her honestly how you feel..... or don't let her/him to feel your spirit anymore...
because there is no one good enough for a true nice guy .
go Pink Girly girls love pink, and butterflies.
slap a libel suit on her ass
I think you got the question wrong.
What the hell are you talking about ?
we are not the same as even a few generations back.
But don't waste tons of time doing it.
But always communicate with her, and if she loves you, she'll brush this guy off...
because they are from two different planets!
What the hell are you talking about ?
we are not the same as even a few generations back.
But don't waste tons of time doing it.
But always communicate with her, and if she loves you, she'll brush this guy off...
because they are from two different planets!
I I could do that to my beastfriend if do that confese and say that I am sorry .
fox theater Jan. 1 2006
you should let it go and be friends like she said ,
If you're so interested, why don't you ask him out?
If not , you will lose both.
you should buy her Underwear !!!!!
When they ask me why I get married . I just say what for?
Too bad you don't have an Avatar.
Try and get him to realize he is not cheating first . If that does work , DUMP HIM.
Don't worry though, there are people out there who don't cheat.
no offense , but she doesnt sound too interested.
There's also this: guys just don't like bushy privates.
I hope Kaely Lykins likes me!!
yea because cause I have 2 home girls and we r
no offense , but she doesnt sound too interested.
There's also this: guys just don't like bushy privates.
Like mouth, just lips, just tongue etc.
I hope Kaely Lykins likes me!!
yea because cause I have 2 home girls and we r
it depends on how she feels if she stays for that long . I bet it is good to get married.
have fun, but don't date again, not until you're 100% sure you can't get him back.
it is a guy thing..don't fall into that trap..take control..and you call the shots.
if they are single, they probably want to stay that way.
I don't understand why some girls like those guys at all.
Get a puppy, or watch American Pie movies.
if I were you, just ask him in a flirty way like are you checking me out?
But my friend playa to Playa if you get caught up in the mix.
(at least that's what it sounds like)
So, why would we only love one man or woman?
trying to get everyone to care
i do have any boyfriends , so I can't tell you anything.
but secretly they were still going out and I did know.
this is my most embarrassing moment . leave comments plz.
IF THAT DOESN'T WORK , THEN JUST ASK HER.
There there There is no amount of love.
We danced together and kissing, We did talk , but we feel like we talked so much already.
Why so quick to throw away another marriage?
I would also add... a kiss !
set a date.... and go from there
she is a sick woman and ashamed of her sorry
I hope one day there won't be a need to ask this question!
dam How do you not know that?
why hell no.. he should dumb you for being such a shallow bitch
There are a few things that I just get SO tired of asking about & I get annoyed.
she is a sick woman and ashamed of her sorry
I hope one day there won't be a need to ask this question!
dam How do you not know that?
why hell no.. he should dumb you for being such a shallow bitch
There are a few things that I just get SO tired of asking about & I get annoyed.
nope do think all men cheat.
Take an ice cube & crush it with your feet & say now that I have broken the ice......
If he is cheating on you and with other girls , then tell him what the problem is and leave.
i think that you could go to the movies.
Go out and buy something sexy to wear (even if you just wear it around the house).
So explain if you want advice please ;)
if you wouldn't marry them...don't date them
coz it is very easy to say but difficult to stay on words.
So there is only one girl who wants things differently.
ye love can be at first sight
If it were me, you'd be packing your bags and hitting the road...
How you are treating and trust your girlfriend
You call but she does not pick up.
if he didn't find women attractive, he also wouldn't have much interest in you!
Guess what, I lost my incentive to do these things.
And also about playing with gadgets.
and do act like a stereotypical floozy.
figure out how much money you will have total.
If they say no, that's it.
i have a friend that lost his dad last year, you just got to calm him down.
nothing gets a girl going like horsepower... at least it works for me!
Why don't women like short guys?
i do know what to do
It is online dating, not line dating...
If a casual friend is asking , they are just making conversation.
IF SHE WILLING TO go AS FAR AS THIS, WHAT WILL SHE BE WILLING TO DO NEXT???
Yep and there is nothing there..just this empty space between your ears
you don't need much to turn a guy on...we are always on
i think that is the point of the drug..not to just stay hard but also to last long
I know lots of people who use it, and at least some of them are looking for relationships.
do let your relationship go bad.
.... because I can see myself in them.
it means they don't want to hurt your feelings because you obviously care more than they do
but I do believe in love at first sight.it happens rarely .
He wouldn't like it if you looked at other men, so tell him that and work it out.
If they ask, I would recommend saying, Oh, you!
If you have crushes on guys and can't imagine ever being w/ a girl= gay.
and she still messes around . She should just leave ya!!!
If you like this guy, go out with him.
SO STOP SWEATING AND START LAUGHING because it IS certainly fun AT TIMES.
sweet talk and get them drunk
i know I liked women from a young age.
do RUIN SOMEONE 's LIFE FOR YOUR OWN GAIN!
The same thing happened with me, He cheated on me with my BEST FRIEND.
i really could just use some advice...
sweet talk and get them drunk
i know I liked women from a young age.
do RUIN SOMEONE 's LIFE FOR YOUR OWN GAIN!
The same thing happened with me, He cheated on me with my BEST FRIEND.
i really could just use some advice...
dress conservativly, but still make yourself look good.
i mean , how can emotions create pain?
Because they watch too much MTV... :P
He should trust you enough that you only love him!!
can you send me your answers to Timitimika@yahoo.com?
Yahoo personals is good, so is match.com
AND I FIND THICK GIRLS VERY SEXY.SEXYNESS COMES FROM PERSONALITY AND SHARM.
(which is to saying, loving person a doesn't take away from your love for person b.)
well not everybody is the same . there are still people around with moral
If you both think it is OK , then it is ok.
If you have to take a break so he can go on w/ his life, then do that.
so she obviously does not care if you get sick or not.
Just because she asked for the moon, doesn't mean she'll get it.
When I first married I was almost 31.
being a virgin isn't as bad as many people think it is.
Cheap= Linens and things have great gifts!
that is what you call a dumb ass!!!
If he cheats once, he will cheat again.
Even when she's home, she doesn't really hang out with her family.
it is the invidibel (it is in the blood)
be cautious if you have a hard time getting away from somebody.
HONEY!YOU KISS JUST LIKE YOUR MOTHER :-0
if The man is a good person . He will take you and your kids together.
My little brother has just turned 21, so I hope this helps.
NO, You need to get a new boyfriend
i believe in lust and yearning at first sight.
-What do I not like about him?
If you guys hang out AFTER that, that means he likes you.
internet , street corners , houses of ill repute , high school/college , malls
sports bar during any major event
DO NOT appear to just be nice to get her back.
A: It is OK and even advised.
What I feel is that my man needs to stop trating me badly .
sure, If you are in a relationship,why not?
After all , they are just toys and you can always play with them on your own.
That what is to be in love
If you have crushes on guys and girls = bi.
Gruesome wicked... What girl in her right mind would ever dream of letting a python go, well, there... Yuck!
I guess it kinda depends on the kiss
if you're a gentleman all the time , she may not feel attractive.
keep dreaming and she will be there
IT BECOMES PART OF YOU . That's WHY WHEN IT IS TAKEN AWAY FROM YOU , IT REALLY HURTS....
Food and flowers YOU like, it's your day . Don't worry about what other people may want.
Who cares what they are up to?
Umm do you own a toothbrush ?
It seems you guys have good chemistry..online.
My favorite is West Coast Swing.
IF YOU HAVE FAITH .OPEN YOUR EYES AND HEART HE MAY BE ALREADY THERE.
a girl in 38y,educated,honest,good looking like a serious man . Its really difficult to find?
man you and show him that you ain't gonna take his shit.
Theres the pipe dream mind games.
If YOU KNOW HOW I CAN improve , PLEASE LET ME KNOW!
well doesn't that nake some men 's hoes also?
it feels like he is flirting.
please help me tell my mom that I want to go out with him!!!
open your eyes . You see a beautiful world out there for you . .
get over her, but you ca make someone love you
had to have dropped by at least 50pts.
calling him and try to get him back
Or taking a trip down there.
think your name says it all.
But give me credit for trying.
OK this guy that I know likes making other people cry.
they are out there... just gotta find them.. just like I'm wondering where all the faithful men are at
sometimes Ya gotta be a jerk in life to get what you want.
It came with a price - - my brokenheart!
I used to be that way because I didn't trust my partner.
), and sit down and have a nice heart to heart.
What do girls really want in a guy?
if that seems too impersonal ask.
looking up everything you need to know at the links below
I LIVE IN Brazil BUT I went THERE BEFORE LAST YEAR.BUT Brazil IS FUN TOO!!
hand bag,makeup,shoes or anything that she really dreams about
There are lots of great guys out there.
It is just not your time to shine.
love isnt hard to find, it is just hard to accept.
have your family looking and ask.
Life's too short to wonder and have regrets later!
I gaze at his smile,, if he has a nice SMILE... I ca resist ;)
I don't skinny girls; I prefer BBWs.
Its not how big it is , but how you use it!!!!!!
eventually Your dad will get over it .
You should tell him that he is a DISGRACE to MEN!
MEN DO IT ALL THE TIME GIRL.
Other men- well- they just don't look good no matter WHAT they do to their hair!
But I'm guessing you mean that you don't want to get too wild.
But that's just my two cents!
How do you really know when you love someone?
MEN DO IT ALL THE TIME GIRL.
Other men- well- they just don't look good no matter WHAT they do to their hair!
But I'm guessing you mean that you don't want to get too wild.
But that's just my two cents!
How do you really know when you love someone?
you could ask any questions you like, if you know the girl.
First , you have to love and respect the person who is going to make love to.
Nuttin wrong with shaving.. but the snake thing has GOT to hurt!
and by the way , sex is not always penetration!!
doing it sideways is also good b/c the d*ck really gets in there.
anywhere... you do have to specify that you are a xtian...
Just gotta love all those walking contradictions out there.
we are best friends and love every minute that we spend together.
Hey Do you know?A man grades his manhood according to the number of girls he has conquered.
You deserve better, do you think?
not at all , it's all about who you fall in love with:)
Well you can find out a lot of ways . The easiest way is to ask her !!!
maybe give her a rose and some chocolate and tell her how much you love her.
You can let him talk to you when he feels what you want that
I really like to do that . I do think it 's wrong, I think it is very sexy and hor.ney.
just be best friends with her daddy.
give it time, If she is truly using him , he'll find out.
It is a hard thing to do , but if you love the person then it is so worth it.
tell your new girls about her b4 any thing that goes beyond a first date.
so just take this advice, At least one of you should use a condom.
you saying your shy use it to your advantage.
Would he get mad at you?
Do this out in a nice public resutrant wo become desprate.
what a jerko, buy him socks and underwear the cheap ones too
If you are not ready to do it , even if that means breaking up with him.
nothing He was there before you , he'll be there after you.
Never in my life . I feel like I do now.
Make you stronger or destory you??
yet, My ex had crooked teeth, It was him I liked , so the teeth didn't bother me.
go on , You know you want to
Plus, it may be him that's doing the blushing!
then you can go for it.
they say it, but they don't.
geocities through yahoo lets or used to let you make a website for free.
What kind of sick lover you have.
And she will NOT stop pushing herself at me.
if you act fake , we'll know.
Online dating sites, personals, church, library, bookstores, coffee shops, concerts, hobbies, gym,ss supermarket,s etc... etc... etc... Women are everywhere!
but fidgeting and looking down and away is usually a sign of lying.
You learn to deal with him, if you love him.
Call her and talk about your day that works!
So it is quite important that you should be comfortable with yourself
NO, LOVE DIED WITH THE SOULS OF THE MEEK
I Making a mistake is no excuse.
just go up to them . We don't beat them if you treat us right
I'm kinda a shy guy too, and noisey rooms don't help when you're trying to socialise.
but if you really want to be happy , ignorance is bliss
If you're worried about hurting their feelings by not saying it, then you care, so tell them that.
If you like her , then yes.
Ask him to do something . Sometimes If he like's you he'll say yes.
It depends on the both of you!
this will not always work, but you have to take the good with the bad.
PS I'm a single guy , a Normal looking guy.
If you tell both of them about the other, you all have choices, don't you?
Not nasty, but it can be messy!
It depends on the both of you!
this will not always work, but you have to take the good with the bad.
PS I'm a single guy , a Normal looking guy.
If you tell both of them about the other, you all have choices, don't you?
Not nasty, but it can be messy!
Okay -- this is without a doubt the wackiest response I have ever posted.
also , you might want to get to know him as a friend.
messy, and she can get a nasty infection from it
Smile and don't do anything stupid.
Believe me hon, there are plenty of ugly and mean gay guys too.
I like her a lot too . What do I do?
Just tell him you like him.
Ignore the ones who only think about having sex with you.
Is Is Is Is Because that what it is ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
now I'm with someone and have been for almost a year now.
because the left hand goes to your heart
THAN MAKE LOVE and one's more say I LOVE YOU
Love always hurts and it never makes itself easy to understand!
because many guys do have feelings to cover up?
Get ONE good lookin' one and you'll be rollin' in phone numbers.
Because they figured out how easy we are...
I don't so much just make eye contact or simply flirting..
Nope What if she finds out your cheating
Guys trying to emulate their dads.
cause A real man doesn't need sex, he needs a friend.
they just never will until they loose you.
you can always try again once you decide he 's done w/ his games.
tell her , You have a girlfriend already
There There There is nothing we do for fun.
I guess you got your answer ;)
I did not choose to be gay, I am just not and I would not want to be.
Oh yes, he is too old for you.
sounds like you got your hand in your pants bro.
or if that is hard to leave and come back to him later.
start off with what was your day at work.
If you do like to wear it on the right hand.
do forget the bedroom...keep the work up there!
As with the answer, WHO CARES!!!
No complaints no ego clash- please!
Most beautiful - Aishwarya Rai Most sexiest - Penelope Cruz
this pain is so much I can't take it anymore.
Go for it all, bro and find out - she could be the one... Best of luck, JSP
MINE ABOUT TRIED TO KILL MY first NEW FRIEND,AND IT SCARED HIM OFF.
Everywhere I go, girls keep coming on to me.
Might still think you are cute, so get back to me when you two stop being friends.
Oh I would definitely rat her out.
Get smart with them, walk right up and say Can I help you?
here in Canada we have a magazine (among many) called match.
Its just lust at first sight.
my Best of luck by finding your best answer, Ice Princess
or he may not be interested in you
BECAUSE IT IS a CLOSET TO THE HEART .
Sometimes men are weird like that.
And one more thing - don't be surprised after she gets to know you if she asks you out.
is it is really necessary when you hear the tunes of pleasure
A fat wallet and a large ****.....good luck
I can give it up by sharing it with him/her
If it's that bad , then get out.
It really just depends on what both of you are looking for!
at least until you think he is tired of her and then tries to make a move.
Just find someone right for you.
then he'll play until he goes to bed.
How do I add people I meet in yahoo to my yahoo buddy list
IM A woman I KNOW, THAT is A FUCKING DUMB QUESTION .
talk it out with her asking her why she is scared to break up with the other guy
This doesnt mean you ca be friends , just because your not dating.
big boobs . Of course , trust me . I have them and they are great.
there is one better than the other, it 's all in what you want.
Nope IT IS NOT WRONG , SO long AS you BOTH LOVE EACH OTHER
You gotta actually care about em.
big boobs . Of course , trust me . I have them and they are great.
there is one better than the other, it 's all in what you want.
Nope IT IS NOT WRONG , SO long AS you BOTH LOVE EACH OTHER
and If you do write mail , better write mails.
You gotta actually care about em.
but it does not mean the first glance and fall in love.
just be careful and alert in life.
leave your teeth alone.. Just forget to clean,floss and brush daily.
You don't, you let her find you.
Who ever said you have to love only one person.
TELL HER,TE AMO QUERIDA!,AND HOPE SHE TOOK Spanish IN SCHOOL.
a special girl which is your friend is a girl friend .
Because, no-one wants to hear 'NO'
Oh, no no no... Stay where you are...
being it with sex or love...
You like each other, so why not?
hell yeah rat on that hoe.
males are never too old for females as long as they are legal
Become a groupie for a biker gang.
If he won't - then don't bother.
And if they do, don't believe it - it is crap..
You know, Women have a mind of their own.
if a lady, send me a pic.
no The sequell is never better than the original , so if the original was bad , beware
i do this because they take care of me.
and me and my guy have already been there three times!
tell her, that her smile is so bad it could curdle milk, that she should change things pretty quickly .
Guys can get away with it - that's the answer.
playful, who is not afraid to show his feelings to me.
Once a cheater, always a cheater.
A basketball game, class assignment, some crazy rumor.ss
does The age of a man matters to everyone
EATING, SLEEPING, WATCHING FOOTBALL, TALKING TO FRIENDS....
you won't respect yourself later and he probably won't either.
but hopefully you are friends or dating already.
Yea He is a sick perv and she doesnt know any better .
I'm trying to tell her that if she goes out with her friends , why can't she????
Or just wash your p_ssy because it probably stinks.
understand his point of view , then count by millions . Then you can make a decision .
What can and should I do?
Well I don't know but I lost mine when I was 10, 'm being serious!
it sounds like you are lonely.
How old are you and where do you live?
by not getting answers from the internet @ 2:00 in the morning(ha ha) and just being yourself.
also if you ask him out your paying for your date.
Well I don't know but I lost mine when I was 10, 'm being serious!
it sounds like you are lonely.
How old are you and where do you live?
by not getting answers from the internet @ 2:00 in the morning(ha ha) and just being yourself.
also if you ask him out your paying for your date.
It is OK what she has just loved her and she will be back!
Busy at Work more and more and enjoying life.
When she says You Have Changed what she mean!!!
AS HARD AS IT IS,GIVE HER ANOTHER CHANCE, TRY TO WORK THING'Ssssss OUT FOR THE LAST TIME.
go to Yahoo personals & tell him who you want him to be and it will tell you
Why would she want to spend time with a guy that is so boring?
I'm not quite sure, but I'm going to say yes because its ILLEGAL!!!!!!!!!!
if he's REALLY nice, then of course he would finish me first......
it depends, probably earlier if their parents do disown them for it .
she is the kind of girl that I always dreamed of and that I always wanted.
Why would she want to spend time with a guy that is so boring?
I'm not quite sure, but I'm going to say yes because its ILLEGAL!!!!!!!!!!
if he's REALLY nice, then of course he would finish me first......
it depends, probably earlier if their parents do disown them for it .
White with a bow already at the top for like $10-15 bucks!
And that is the truth... no kidding!
a guy could give me flowers and it means more to me than a ring anyday.
too macho...but only coz some men try to conform
But this sounds like it is better to move on.
i would say 14 or 15 and +
not asking , just tempting to see if he goes for the bait.
Good looking sometimes, but mostly just rude even when they do want to hook up with you!!
for this time , I not sure where to go and had a nice experience with him .
what present suitable to gv her ?any idea ?
age is just a number unless it is a crime.
i am working on the same problem.
talk you about what, the weather? is is
First ask her `` I like you and wait for answer!!!!
(I know from experience) Men don't know a good thing til it's gone sometimes.
That & get on with your life...
Mine did it behind my back a lot..it just started a ton of fights.
I told her that I didn't approve , so she said she didn't want to see me anymore.
but somehow they always end up thinking you really like them.
(I know from experience) Men don't know a good thing til it's gone sometimes.
That & get on with your life...
Mine did it behind my back a lot..it just started a ton of fights.
I told her that I didn't approve , so she said she didn't want to see me anymore.
but somehow they always end up thinking you really like them.
2 Wrongs don't make a right!
also, did you marry him if you guys did have anything to talk about?
4) Maybe he's a really nice guy and just wants to take it slow.
if less than 5, it might not be that bad.
Not that I know of....try classmates.com or google their name.
(nothing sexual tho) and if he goes for it.
just say hi . You look formilyor
If she's simple , make it simple...it's about her.
theres this girl I go to h-s with and she is a total #&*%@!
go on yahoo chat or going to skate parks etc
Sorry I haven't CALLED,I JUST THINK YOU ARE so pretty AND SUCH a GREAT PERSON,I DON'T THINK YOU LIKE ME.
Yes, Of course , I love my family very much and my family also loves me very much .
you don't have to do anything you don't want to.
:) After that, I would leave it alone.
Mabbe she likes 2 c u wen r angry!
then you've got a bit of a problem!
maybe because they are not worn on the right !
but side by side, the feelin'of friendship also got stronger, and she really became my friend
on yahoo search type to find people
I I I 'm not getting why you ask such a question.
And that is what married is supposed to be DUH!
you don't need the cops, you need a lawyer....and a lot of $$$$$$$$$
if so would I be in the wrong to miss him and still want him back?
we don't act superior, Maybe you have a low selfestime and think that boys act superior
Theres a difference between truly loving you and liking you because of what you can do with him at night.
But If you want a fake percentage , it is 43.795684%
i have windows xp and I had windows98 on my old computer.
Yes , a boy boyfriend is a boyfriend!
I broke up with my boyfriend for the second time and he got really pissed off!
I HOPE THAT YOU AND YOUR family are ALWAYS BLESSED BY GOD AND MERRY X MAS!
You'll know right away if this is gonna click.
staring at how big humps are in guys ' pants
explain to him that you don't want a two-timer as a boyfriend
using you as a rebound but not even getting there.
Maybe try to see what kind of guy she is into.
You'll know right away if this is gonna click.
explain to him that you don't want a two-timer as a boyfriend
Maybe try to see what kind of guy she is into.
SO GET YOURSELF CHECKED SO YOU KNOW THERE IS nothing WRONG AND IF THERE IS GET TREATMENT.
TK care, djk or talk w tan, I bet she is nice and would be a buddy.
What were you doing before you got married?
maybe he's doing it on purpose just to make you jealous!
Wen you can be comfortable and happy , then that 's it.. You got the best way dude!!!
there really isnt anything that you can do except move on
HE IS THE LOVE OF MY LIFE and He WILL NOT TALK TO ME ABOUT ANYTHING.
2 inches isn't enough to get the job done.
i hope this answers your question
MOVE ON WITH YOUR LIFE . The CHILDREN WILL KNOW THE DIFFERENCE between DADDY AND MOMMYS NEW BOYFRIEND
beacuase they can relate to them better since girls mature faster!
Only if you become his New Momma.
they just want to hit it
SHUT UP U STUPID BITCH WHY DO YOU THINK.
Even though it might seem like it now, it won't be a big difference later on.
beacuase they can relate to them better since girls mature faster!
Only if you become his New Momma.
they just want to hit it
SHUT UP U STUPID BITCH WHY DO YOU THINK.
Even though it might seem like it now, it won't be a big difference later on.
- *What IsBASE?^What You Mean By:-BASE?- - *What You Talking About:-By:-BASE?- *WhatBIG 'Relationship?'
yes , sex is love , because you can then show you fellings
Is she the right one or bad one?
if so , try the phone book.
good natured are the best, nothing else matters to me .
ive confronted her, told her teachers and all that stuff , but she wo stop!
By some really killer shoes... trust me, it helps.
just tell him what you feel.
it's an old mammial instinct... the more the merrier, when it comes to tribal pride... ---study bulls, loins etc.
See if he likes it or not.
The person that is always there for you no matter what.
the diff, men don't have the stigma of being labled a sl*t hanging over their head.
If YOU DON'T TAKE CARE OF YOUR MAN/WOMAN HE/SHE WILL GO WHERE TO GET WHAT THERE is MISSING.
we doing this so you will give it to us
I bet I'd date you... That is, if you are not <GuLp!> -MARRIED!-
So now the dilemma for me is that I ca be with her but I do want to be without her.
I lost mine at 12 and it's a bit young...
sorry if that hurts, but just like you size men up for their total worth , men do too
he tells her that all her friends don't have BF and are out looking for guys.
any of the dating sites, yahoo, match, cupid, etc.
Well I am an expert at this!
only if you are good at mouthsex and will agree to back door sex
i know that @ least most guys get turned on by girl/girl action.
i really felt like this was a big mistake for her.
or is it who he is?
if you don't feel the same way, you just don't.
yes do it, The worst thing she could say is no, and that is 1000000 better than a doubt
975 N Aviation Blvd, 310 318-5959
Looks matter; get used to it.
wont you get nervous making one of the greatest decisions in your life?
lick dammit... more and more lick.
Now, I feel sick, because this feels like a really bad movie.
6: Can I be your boyfriend?
you should have to tell her!
first: you are not going to marry this person, so you are in no rush to be in a relationship.
is looking him up on the internet too much?
so I have to know every thing to do with love as a young man.thanks
anyway, Youwill find someone that likes you enough and will not be botherd by your ex's stories.
Somebody I can trust and who trusts me, like best friends.
ask things that are conversational , not just yes and no's... Good luck
Believe me it's not worth it!
If you haven't experienced one , you are missing out!
If you mean do I believe in fate.
it's good that you look around you .
it does matter, Well it ca be so small ya know
Making anyone 's life a hell on earth is just not worth the energy.
find out something you and him both like to do and ask him if he wants to ex.
this may seem stupid , but it worked for me.
It It It is not just a guy thing.
(i'm assuming they were just touching themselves...) how old are they
id say it because the guy would receive twice the loving.
find out something you and him both like to do and ask him if he wants to ex.
this may seem stupid , but it worked for me.
It It It is not just a guy thing.
(i'm assuming they were just touching themselves...) how old are they
id say it because the guy would receive twice the loving.
but keep in mind your robbing him of the bacholer party.
If he just wants to be a friend and keep the relationship at a friend level.
then just build off whatever she says.
Good guys are out there, it's just so terribly difficult to stay that way for a very long. time
it depends whether there are children Is still going to be around?
Why not try to spice it up with him.
Also by Spars reading A Walk to Remember and watch the movie...Both are really good!
if I were I would move out.
so you are an ahole for not making her feel loved.
how about with the city of Troy?
Why not try to spice it up with him.
Also by Spars reading A Walk to Remember and watch the movie...Both are really good!
if I were I would move out.
so you are an ahole for not making her feel loved.
how about with the city of Troy?
just after it and that it.
you better try your f%&$ing danmdest!!!
trying something new and if that does work , cheat on him
We getting married next year!
Its the same thing with my friend and I.
if you love him , he will love you with all his heart
Not only should you try and date her!!!
Guys, just read this book......do it
hey will you go out with me!!!!!!
AB - SO - LUTELY !
if you love him , he will love you with all his heart
Not only should you try and date her!!!
Guys, just read this book......do it
hey will you go out with me!!!!!!
Anything done for 30 days, becomes a habit:) :) Best Wishes!
depends on if it's jail bait or not.
Since when is it ok for ANYone to cheat?
There Theres There are too many material things out there to buy.
how I can get her to really have a good time with sex.
well Of course , it's ok if you love them.
I want a good girl, you want a good guy.
So If you give cash , give $75 or $100.
you need to bang her, screw him, itll be worth it...
Just have to be patient and show, not say, that it's OK !!
I I I love him a lot , yet I question if I am in love with him.
he just got divorced 4 months ago and is still trying to get over her.
All above only in the first meet , then step by step you can increase
I am not saying that ALL men are like this , but a good number of them do.
Go out to some fun place around you... like a place where people hang out - malls, etc.
do say anything , look into her eyes and show her affectionate kisses and something will happen
Nice guys aren't always super good looking, or gay!
'm PRETTY SURE THAT WHEN A GIRL LIKES YOU SHE WILL GIVE YOU A song
and exactly what is ghetto to you!
so just calm yourself and then be more of the funny and goodlooking person that you are.
not quite sure, but days are
Walk in the park - even though it is cold-you can snuggle as you walk!!
Nah... you just need a girlfriend.
so I would advise you to stick with those that write you.
if she's not impressed , then she's probably not right for you anyway.
you need a girl to help ya and 'm one .
Don't worry about it first off.
RIGHT , He NEEDS A FRIEND , NOT A LOVER.
well get her something you know she will like.
you should tell him you know what's going on and that he needs to come clean.
it means he doesnt like you
if he likes you , he'll work with your circumstances...
get over it and move on, No one is worth the pain you're putting yourself through.
you'll find it was worth the wait.
i bet there is not any gift better than love
i do know anywhere to go other than the movies!
the Queen of the Damned soundtrack
What the heck do you mean by that?
(if she is in a relationship, stop.
if hes willing to take what you have to say into consideration , then hes the one for you
they saying how much money you have and such.
and He could be a kid 15 years old with a deep voice.
sure.why not?if they are of the same mental appraoch thousand life
He saW a surround sound yesterday and it was like $100 bucks.
Nice guys are generally the ones who question themselves more than a typical macho guy.
but yeah, just starting out with a hi is a good way to start.
day . Day you will get feelings
well , First off , she doesnt sound like a very good friend if she did that to you.
wants to sleep with you or maybe she n't
THE SAME THING HAPPENS TO ME.
if she says that she's bad . ask her what's wrong.
I to MEET THE GUY AND SEE WHAT HE THINKS OF YOU AND GO FROM THERE
just go up and ask her.
A guy cheats on a girl to get what other girl has.
Tell her to take a hike.
you dumping him and he comes back to keep him.
If that doesn't work, cut her loose...she has feelings for that dude.
but what is the worst thing that can happen if you ask a girl out.
Yes , some men don't masturbate . They just don't like to or want to.
You need to find new friends buddy...
after you give brith to a child . You love
before all that , buy a few condoms.
he told her he loved her and he wanted more than friends.
it probably look better( I do spell check)
Most likely, he will only dump you again
It that It seems like he is either a pleaser or you are a bully.
(i received undu injuries when the person I was with didnt know what he was doing)
Most likely, he will only dump you again
I'm a tall dorky white guy, I've got a good sense of humor.. And some looks.. not a lot
It that It seems like he is either a pleaser or you are a bully.
(i received undu injuries when the person I was with didnt know what he was doing)
Girl I'm in the same boat.
i want u ;) my email is Hussienothman@hotmail.com add me .
Then she went crazy one day and said she just wanted a break but just wanted to be friends.
Not unless you really start having an interest in the guy/girl!
Show her your real self and never lie.
There is no time to waste with people who do not care about you.
ok : get satisfaction on your own) and then try to think about her.
if it is the truth, then reveal it !
let him go and do both of you a favor.
to whisper in his ear...it depends on who the guy is.
you know , they say you got have friends before lovers . Maybe it is a good thing
ask him to use his credit cards..
more you look ; less mistakes you make .
If not, DO NOT CHANGE YOURSELF FOR HER!
If she likes you . It is just fine .
like you would approach a friend you already know.
They are probably thinking of pornstars anyway!
When he said just kidding , he really meant `` don't get mad .
go up to her and be all do like me, cuz I like you?
love is just a funny thing sometimes.
i do this with my man all the time, but we can do anything yet.
Your funny and good - looking, right?
Can you please clarify - why is it harder?
If she says it just not , then let it end at that.
you just have to find them.
just keep looking till something clicks.
WELL I SAY JUST IGNORE THEM AND DO WHAT YOU WANT.
If she really wanted to come back, she wouldn't have done all that crap.
.. you'll find out after .. happy hunting :)
baby,write this message again,but by phone +90 536 463 83 47
i do know if I 'm a virgin.
I don't want someone that may kill over the next day.
beware of the prison hook ups.
At least not with any girls that I respect.
If He still makes up excuses.
do delay - because there may be others waiting!
Because they're Selffish ,ignorant,or just need to get some relief........ Then agian is just my opinion P.S.
i'm a woman , so trust me when I say soft, gentle sex is better.
ask your mind , then your heart
when caring about someone and loving them . You love your parents but are a little dirty .
if someone asks you to dance, go, even if you don't want to dance with that person.
there and many fish in the ocen
Does he want me back or does he just hate me that much?
:-)Don't sweat it too much if you mess up , just tell her how I got engaged.
may b they do but there scared 2 talk 2 u just b urself
and what kind of 'best friend' would you use you like that?
oh, and myspace.com is a free one .
you n't love somebody you do know.
Is there anything I can tell her to try to fix her brainwashed head??????
Don't get married again . wait like 5 years.
If things go well, (you will know).
He can get into really bad trouble.
actually, 3 hours would not even be enough for me.
LL and his lips.....now that's a man!
Ask her to see her husband 's baby pictures and learn about the family.
either of the above two but only the thickness of the boy's wallet!!!
you can't make him, HE has to want to.
Send a pic... show yourself up... talk to him
if you just love him because you want an older man, yes.
you have to really work past it if you love the person.
well if your on TV or movies , I will love you forever
Men who cheat do not love their wives.
Then, you'll look back when you're old and say what the Hell was I worried about???
It Sounds like to me you got a little situation here.
if you do mind..n you love him.. not?#@ but this wont last long for sure.. =p
he never did it again, but it was kind of in the back of my mind.
If you want a dumbed-down version...
2 parents are better than 1, no matter what anybody says.
Don't beat yourself up over it if it is not meant to be.
Get out , go on date, enjoy your life , have fun!
Buy a strap on, not as good , but hey.
No Cheating is cheating , much like rape is rape.
i'm looking for the answer myself .
Kenny g. Actually I never tried it with him but I bet it would be good to try.
Just wait and see - not bother much.
I like this girl from church.
What the hell should I do now?
If you have to ask , then chances are it is probably just a game.
well, you can be nice to her to start with.
Just wait and see - not bother much.
I like this girl from church.
What the hell should I do now?
If you have to ask , then chances are it is probably just a game.
well, you can be nice to her to start with.
Actually, ask him what he likes and go from there!
He goes out with his guy friends and she's not allowed to go out with her girlfriends.
you thinking , what is she doin?
She will probably be staring at you speechless and then she'll say Yes, yes, yes or something similar.
i telling him I had a secret that he could tell anybody.
and that is just stupid to say if you don't LET him cheat , he will leave.
im but age will always be an isue.
Ask him if he had any trouble finding your place, how his dinner was, that sort of thing.
If you ca stop thinking about he/she.If you are intimidated by him/her.
That sounds pretty screwed up right there.
he could possibly care that much if he is indeed cheating.
lets keeping a secret as a secret.
i mean , obviously you are worried about the wife 's feelings because you baggin her hubby... so why tell?
GIRLS want rough guys with lots of testosterone.
anywhere from 5 to 45 minutes .
he could possibly care that much if he is indeed cheating.
lets keeping a secret as a secret.
i mean , obviously you are worried about the wife 's feelings because you baggin her hubby... so why tell?
GIRLS want rough guys with lots of testosterone.
anywhere from 5 to 45 minutes .
Us guys always wonder what is wrong with some of you women.
She is married & has a child!
So why do you guys think this happens?
or the age difference, although that isn't really that much.
i do know, Wwell I find it some kind of way.
i need revenge or any ideas?
But some have messed up their teeth.
like the song says, age ain't nuthin' but a number, baby!
Hmm, how about Are you a virgin?
My hubby is rude to me too.
When I say dork . I don't mean it in a mean way . I call another dork . It 's reality.
And oh, by the way, will you marry me?
'm only 18 but come on, most 50 y/o's will never have a chance with a 24 yr. old!
If it were just us guys . I wouldn't even think of mentioning it.
If you don't love, them you don't have friends.
It depends if you meet a guy in real life, because love also takes actions
be yourself, If you have fun , then make a girl smile.
Nope, there is nothing you can tell her, she has to experience it for herself....
talk to him first , and wait.
sorry to hear that that sucks big time but I agree with everyone here
To My age is just a number!
And He just doesn't want me anymore and has a girlfriend now.
and why is everyone so hard on the guy because he knows what he wants?
go to church and pray...no joke it works..happened to me
Get over it and move on
The only way I see it lasting, is if you can get his momma to love you .
next time you see him , go up and talk about life.
thats a hard one , but try to do something special for him for Christmas
the worst she could say is no...
of course, though, it depends on what kind of girl it is.
To find out, go to chat.yahoo.com
Get over it...That is unless you are obsessed with them...then seek Mental Help, i.e.
Well don't do it cause that is cheating and that would be just wrong.
If you ever intend to have a girlfriend , you will have to ask some girl out.
Don't ask her in front of an audience or use pick up lines, or BS.
Keep your mouth shut and if you love him, never never never do anything like that again.
And You have someone by your side all the time
Is there a baby already pending?
Money and Intelligence with one you could get the other .
Two months is nothing.. Do stall it, just break up with the guy!
im scared of games, My wife was my best friend .
Don't put your life on hold.
If you need to ask this question , then probably this is not the right one.
I WENT TO MY gym AND EVERYTHING CAME OUT OK.
Yes you should love that person .
anything except by making him fuck you.
maybe He might just want to be friends.
One other thing that popped into my head.
In Heaven, so keep praying so you can get there and meet them!
THEY want what your lady friend has: YOU.
Nothing, its not your place to tell him.
and come up with positive answers instead.
average guy- sex nice guy- a caring woman to love and be with for the rest of his life.
no you idiot , education is better than a boy!!!!!!!
a girl friend is a girlfriend!
Be nice to her and looks always seems to do the trick too.
If you are comfortable and your mate is, then who cares?
does he have a favourite sports team?
going out and meeting new people.
Why don't you try someone who loves you too?
If He spends his weekends with you.
you need to learn to love yourself before no one else ever does
Because they think with the wrong head.............
no, men are always capable, nothing a little viagra ca help
Why don't you try someone who loves you too?
you need to learn to love yourself before no one else ever does
Because they think with the wrong head.............
no, men are always capable, nothing a little viagra ca help
Because girls think with their brain and guys think with the tool between their legs.
Now that is just common sense...
omg I would sooo go with Chris Brown cuz he is sooo hot
But I just ca help it.
mabey there are not mean people , just people with different thoughts and perspectives that you do not agree with.
mone on and find someone new.
tell him he 's sexy and tell him how you feel about him.
I'm a total sucker for women with an accent...
please answer because I need to know
hit me back and let me know
it probably run in their family
they been friends for years and she says she n't want him in that way.
Note: Don't go for the cheap ones, they're unrelieable...
well I would be with my wife instead of another person , but that is just me.
When he gets home . It's the first thing he does.
I 'm certain that the other person feels the same way but !
Well....there are other things that could mess it up, too: Pregnancy would mess it up.
Then you say, Honey, did you see the ice?
In my opinion I gave up on dating bi women a long time ago...too dramatic!
1/ doing so, she may find you interesting (don't ask why).
And he shoes you a good time, and buy you things that being just a friend won't do.
Once a cheater, always a cheater.
It just means that he does want a girlfriend right now , Don't overanalyse.
Now I remember why I hate you!'
well if you love him and want to help him as you help him keep your feelings in check.
I would treat him better than his girl and sex him till he wants it every day
And then you're back with them for about 10 minutes and you go 'Oh yeah!
You could probably find someone on myspace or tagworld
If they don't know now when things start burning, and I don't mean intuition!
they will ask you out and then when you turn them down they get all upset.
Even getting a phone call is no assuance they are real.
I NOW THAT SOME people THINK I'm WRONG , BUT I TELL IT LIKE IT IS.
well how old are you and if he does notice girls , he might be gay .
All the answers you get may be just an advice.
mabey you need some time apart.
Especially when we start talking all cutesy?
when you say no . that means no!
or better , try impressing her friend
it all depends on how much of the color you plan to wear , e.g.
i means he plays between 20-30 hours a week.
Cause I got it, but you can't have any!
and also ask why you did not feel love towards her b4.
Well first off, MOST of the richest men only care about their money.
BROTHER I'm JUST BEING FOR REAL!
tell her directly ... cuz breaking up never waits a while
to find out this kinda stuff before you get married forever
To rub her nose in it?
To keep it short, move on and DO NOT come back to him.
If you were told that by a woman : it probably means no.
This makes me go gaga over chicks.
He's My man is all I need.
I going to school with him and I am kinda avoiding him , but I want to tell him.
um, heh, red light district, bring condoms
doesnt matter the age difference as long as you get along and love each other
Or easier perhaps, if you can actually see the person (e.g.
keep that as a want or a fantasy.
But, is it really true love?
You people on here are so incredibly illiterate!!
WE ARE GOING THROUGH SOME OF THE SAME S!
My sister married a mommas' boy and they've been married for over 35 years!
Trust ME IF YOU ARE WHAT THE CHICKENS WILL COME .
The best thing about such a person is that she/he is always always in contact with you
flirting with him , so he gets the idea
I think you'd have to have a foot fetish to understand (not that I do.. just saying...)
Find another man to get involved with (dating,hanging out or just socializing) This usually drives men nuts!!
If you just want a girlfriend or sex, move on.
i think 16 is a good age to start
it depends how he physically feels in his mind
Does he really even make you happy?
So yes, I believe they can last!
ALSO TRY NOT TO BE FAT
a CD...come you can scrape up tax, right?
some girls marry/ love boys 10 years older , then themeselves.
Approximently what am I looking at here ?
If you want freedom . Why did you get married.
ALSO TRY NOT TO BE FAT
a CD...come you can scrape up tax, right?
some girls marry/ love boys 10 years older , then themeselves.
Approximently what am I looking at here ?
If you want freedom . Why did you get married.
S&M is only to be attemted with someone you really trust!!!!!
Chad Michael Murray, Johnny Depp, Freddy prince jr., Travis Barker, and many many more .
Is it good to try to be there for him and be so madly in love with him too?
I think she will go out with you...
respect her too, This rule applies not only to girls but to boys too... to everyone.
I really don't care what other people think.
My last address is in Quezon city, Metro Manila and her maiden name is Imelda Aldea
an average looking well - figured ladies are the best .
if you are looking for a relationship with a stranger means, that u r fedup with your lifepartner
you look nice...and see where the conversation leads.
if he digs you then there should be no problem.
5: Are you looking for a boyfriend?
you don't need a boy to make you happy.
I HAVE READ SO MANY . What SHOULD I DO?
Toby McGuire, Bill Murray, or George Clooney . Yes, I said Bill Murray
wow ... how old are u well mmm try hard to get him back and ur love
IT ALL DEPENDS ON THE GIRL OR THE GUY.
Do I give him a li'l hug?
45 seconds may be just fine for one couple and another may need hours...
Hey your husband and I both can't see you.
Yes if your son is 21
id someone looks like a slob, they are a slob.
Hi I greatly go for the guys that flirt and arent shy!
Do you have to ask at the front desk or is it like the deodorants and shaving stuff??
Hey your husband and I both can't see you.
Yes if your son is 21
id someone looks like a slob, they are a slob.
Hi I greatly go for the guys that flirt and arent shy!
Do you have to ask at the front desk or is it like the deodorants and shaving stuff??
it's called Trust If you don't have it , you don't have her.
because they are full of shit.... he has a bad soul.
(very important to make her curious!)
i guess, both situations are mutually exclusive!
If so , then tell him that fair is fair.
it means that he's not ready to get in a relationship right now.
i like my women a little on the trashy side..but clean...lol
man id say, wait at home and so you have nothing to lose
This is the type of thing I would tell my younger sister.
If she doesn't even like you well , then you history.
it means that he's not ready to get in a relationship right now.
i like my women a little on the trashy side..but clean...lol
man id say, wait at home and so you have nothing to lose
This is the type of thing I would tell my younger sister.
If she doesn't even like you well , then you history.
I Do know are you ever rude to him?
and then take a public speaking course.
It is the best way to trap the girls and so you are a GURU.... lol
but not how they die or at who's hands(if any).
Don't call him, don't see him, and don't let him do the same to you.
she wanted me,i made the move,she refused me and made me look like a fool,
u might just like both of them OK
stay busy,and most important , love yourself first!!
How about dinner and a movie?
And I've gotten better than that.
Just say Well, this has been fun, but I have to get going.
Well first of all...be yourself, everyone else is taken...so you need to figure out what suits your style...
Of course , they should be married first.
That's it , you have got your mail back.
He want you to pick the girl that he's going to have sex with to get revenge on you?
If no , then you need him no way.
and I agree with the other guy pics help
Call to say she misses you?
masterb*tion..it is sex with someone I love.
HELLO AGAIN, PLEASE WEAR LESS CLOTHING.
she is stupid like other girls ....
You know the saying...If something is too good to be true, it probably IS.
Getting a STD, AIDS, or pregnant isn't worth the risk.
they are the same age but they don't get, Well you know that close!
HELLO AGAIN, PLEASE WEAR LESS CLOTHING.
she is stupid like other girls ....
You know the saying...If something is too good to be true, it probably IS.
Getting a STD, AIDS, or pregnant isn't worth the risk.
they are the same age but they don't get, Well you know that close!
:) (If you can get her address.)
It course , Yahoo is gr8 . Try it . It is cheap and goooooooooooood
Other guys wouldn't lie about a thing like that.
you have standards and you should wait until you find someone you love.
Now I feel she is seeing someone else @ work and it's driving me crazy.
Try new things, switch them up!
when you already have an answer that question..then make your move.
i can't find any girls to go out with at my school, what should I do?
this one will get you MAJOR points with her!!!!
Just don't give it away though.
n't lead him on, that will hurt him worse.
I love him... Am I crazy??
asking him to help you undress.hint:wear a lot of clothes.
because you told me yesterday that you were married and you hadn't had sex in ten years.
in fact , some of the best sexes I ever had was with an average guy.
no, If you do want him overseas , you have your decision
Chatted with you on Yahoo IM...
If not then maybe at the mall (I don't really know about that though.)
YOU DEFINITELY HAVE SOME ISSUES WITH THE MALE GENDER
I am hoping it is not because of the friends I hang out with.
*T BUT MY ANSWER IS that YOU LEFT HIM FOR A REASON.
But if he is cheating, then I wouldn't put up with it, Once a cheater is always a cheater!
usually 18 year old guys looking to go out with younger girls just want sex.
take ur bf at a cheap motel.
AND THEY TAKE responsibility FOR ALL their ACTIONs , then THEY ARE OLD ENOUGH
i want to have a boyfriend so badly
your madre (you ca come back from that)
mabey he thinks you want nothing to do w/ him.
You just gotta figure out what it is . You don't want them to have what they want.
Looks,personality,honesty,and confidence and not exactly in that order.Same things guys look for in a girl :)
If it is a guy like you, more power to you
is is is is is Or am I faking that I know anything about faking.
get a new boyfriend and have so much fun with him . You forget about your ex .
Don't worry about things like that.
reality, It takes a lot of work though to get one, lol
What do I do to find somebody?
so bad that he was saying some pretty mean and hateful things.
Don't ask why- it just happens that way.
I have been with this guy since May...
the only thing that would make a guy worthy of your love, is if you are worthy of his...
Get another girl to hang all over you in front of her.
trying at school . lol well you asked
Nothing We just want to know things!!
Some girls are sensitive to a guy telling her he is in love with her.
Just don't let him bully you around.
When you get married , you should cling to your wife and not anyone else.
Don't let her off the hook easily
Keep her gifting her as and whenever you feel.
so your postin a message , so obviously you think you gotta chance!
Date her if you want to.
Which means she only had one guy and none for years already.
I am 21 and I am the most mature person I even know.
IF you are in an affair you will know it!!!!!!!!
a question for you : Are you a homosexual?
Hi, 4 yrs back I saw a girl and fell in love with her.
I guess, if you keep chasing the feeling you get hooked.
if your a boy . You like boys a lot?
ignore her... she's not going to pay your bills if you lose your job.
So I need to know and find some new fun places to hang out.
At Finally , both of them will finger at you.
If you like her going and just be natural.
Sorry =[ Anyway, I don't know what to say about your dilemma.
THEY ARE HUMAN BEINGS JUST LIKE YOU.
He could have one and not know it!
AS A FORMER CHEATER I DID IT FOR SEXUAL PLEASURE ONLY!
she will in return... be optimistic!
you should start watching out for her.
Now I am a guy and I am talking about faking it.
Also, guys are not nearly as adept at picking up on hints as some girls would think.
I like people who love GOD...
Then got lonely and hated it.
First kiss... Somewhere special that you'll both remember.
i met my boyfriend online, He lived about 5 hours away from me.
Meet him and see if you get disappointed
it's not as complicated that other countries think
If you can't tell...then you're not 'cause when you are, you'll know...and you won't be asking that question...
But you can lay in bed and think about her.
There's things that guys fantasize about, and then there's reality.
just by talking about other guys like he talks about girls.
trust me honey, you have plenty of time for all of that stuff.
hey just dump him and have no regrets...unless you wanna do drugs!.....lets lead some decent moral life guys!
you should just break your friendship with her and forget her and move on with your life .
If he looks like he's gonna puke, just turn it around and say that it's another friend date.
Well I know one thing . There is always a way to hard times and troubles.
Why DO YOU WANT TO DATE SOMEONE WHO WOULD CHEAT ON YOU?!!!
do I make a secret public?
i live in santa Monica, California.
if you are talking about guys, you have found the right one.
i mean , that is virtually up to you to describe your parents.
TRY GOING TO THE LOCAL CHURCH
Love your ex, but only make Love to your current boyfriend / baby daddy.
It It would be nice to see just what it is that is so attractive to these girls.
no I don't think we will ever forget our first love . I know I haven't.
punch some dude in the face
because they don't want a relationship with you.
i thinking about the same thing, but I do think sprint pcs can do that.
I feel normal and it's OK that I'm gay.
No I hate them . I wish they would all die!!!!
Don't ever regret anything you do.
do do that, If he cared for you , he would want you to get in trouble
so what is the deal with that...... guys tell me what you think.
she also thinks she is Bieng cute.
It's just like Myralys said, you just know.
BUT ONCE we are BACK TOGETHER , LIES AND PORN WILL START
Always be busy even when I am not.
If he slept with someone else - don't give him a chance.
not exercise but always be cautious .
He'd say it was just entertainment for him..yea right.
do waste your short life like a ping pong game.
If you really want out.. get out.
Is it really other men you want?
a nice loving guy that loves you for who you are
you are only a kid once in your life.
YOU SHOULD KISS YOUR GUY WHEN YOU THINK it IS THE RIGHT TIME.
And that is the way they feel about you too.
Is it really other men you want?
a nice loving guy that loves you for who you are
you are only a kid once in your life.
YOU SHOULD KISS YOUR GUY WHEN YOU THINK it IS THE RIGHT TIME.
And that is the way they feel about you too.
ask him out first, of course
or he may not know what to say to you if you go out again.
.......which do you think it is worse
Plus, the first nut is gonna be the fastest.
the Sex will be mind blowing.
Much as if a person lies once they will probably lie again.
Either that, or wait for some girl to ask you out.
Tell her exactly what you posted up there.
Or do I sound too pathetic?
because some times it just feels good to let out emotions
jumping off a bridge in front of her , just kidding
Once in friend 's land, you n't get out.
I am happy being me and you should be happy too.
It must have been pretty bad.
If he calls you just to say hi and buys you surprises.
Especially the nice ones who aren't picky about features?!?
but if you must go , get really drunk and run to Vegas before her buzz wears off!
if she is willing to back off!
well it depends on what kind of women you want
Tell her what you feel, give her a shock......check out!
Especially the nice ones who aren't picky about features?!?
but if you must go , get really drunk and run to Vegas before her buzz wears off!
if she is willing to back off!
well it depends on what kind of women you want
Tell her what you feel, give her a shock......check out!
it is more noticeable on your left hand than on your right
yeah, me...big legs, and big thighs....hehe
At 7/11 you don't have to ask.
WITH A NAME LIKE Mr. BIG DICK PRICE SHOULD NOT MATTER
2: How many relationships have you been in?
Hope this helps in some way or another .
He says he is not cheap.
do not cheat, never ruin a good thing.
BE POLITE AND not BE VULGAR . Most WOMEN do LIKE THAT.
I want to wear something nice so that I look great but not sexy.
Well honestly speaking , I do not think its love at your age, its just infatuation and curiosity.
HE'S MAD THAT HE CAN'T FIT HIS HUGE THING IN THAT LADY HE LIKES.
If she is the blunt type , then you should ask her and not beat around the bush
Take her out on this New year's eve, go anywhere and have fun (go to a restaurant, cafe, park...).
I was young when we got together & now I want to have fun & experience other men.
It's just going to make both of your lives miserable.
Run like Hell is after you, young'n.
On On , On the other hand , what right does any married man have with a mistress?
depends on what you mean by online relationship.
hehe, okay, kidding, but I don't know, both colors are very spring-y...
It's just going to make both of your lives miserable.
Run like Hell is after you, young'n.
On On , On the other hand , what right does any married man have with a mistress?
depends on what you mean by online relationship.
hehe, okay, kidding, but I don't know, both colors are very spring-y...
please e-mail me about who your friend 's name is,and when did I date her!!!
Overt revenge is stupid, and puts you in jeopardy.
nobody is too good to be true.
trying and join him in playing.
believe in your mind , then follow your heart
I feel really bad because his looks are really bothering me.
If that doesn't convince him, he's not worth it anyway.
bad or good....your stuck with it!
- *You Can't Describe A...Love Moment?[Sad.]:(.
just a guess on that last part.
There are tons of wierdos out there who like it and use it to get themselves turned on.
Oh honey -- you better believe there are plenty of good people out there.
Good luck . it can be done!
I gotta tell ya, you sound like a fun date!
just a guess on that last part.
There are tons of wierdos out there who like it and use it to get themselves turned on.
Oh honey -- you better believe there are plenty of good people out there.
Good luck . it can be done!
I gotta tell ya, you sound like a fun date!
Then ask...once you ask , don't back down or say nevermind or anything like that , be consistant.
Just as I said ....my ex.
you don't have to say, I love you if you don't mean it.
MAYBE IF YOU CALL ME,I WOULD THINK YOU DO AND you 'd BE SO HAPPY.
don't go overboard trying to be her friend.
im a girl but I think its true...what about priest...isssss do think they would
no way..how bout you meet him after school
get a new guy, or if not , try to wear highheels around him
only if you let it go past flirting
That doesn't make it right though.
It's just chemicals in your brain, baby!
If you want a GIRL, don't EVER be her friend.
it's OK, you can make a great couple , either romantic or just friends; it's feelings that count
Enjoy being a kid while you can!
you must be not so pretty
On the posative side . I learned a lot
if you act like a cocky little moron, we'll know that too.
give him a time for the stuff he is doing.
also is it right 4 me 2 have sex ?
i don't think I'm unappealing , but how am I supposed to get some love from him?
We talk every and I ca even deny it.
If yes, means she is OK to be as she is now.
So I have no idea what to buy him.
How rude and not to mention creepy.
Theres not going back.But yeah you gotta be wet.
maybe you have to just wait and see what comes your way and see how that works out
i'd say just be nice and compliment her and that'll go well.
Well here I am I will be your friend !im I 'm a people person if you want a new friend .
it listing what you are looking for .
And, you're still dating this jerk ??
And, I'm going out with another guy.
You know for sure that you definitely won't go out with her if you don't ask her out.
If not, don't take him back - no matter how many red roses he sends.
if you find that too expensive , give her a big teddy she can hug while she sleeps.
Shop in Walmart on a Sunday
he should be appreciative of socks and undies- but c'mon- who really ever is?
he's telling people lies about me.
you ca make him truly love . That takes time and compatability and his decisions
Ya,if girls do what they say!
Just looking for all the answers , so no more extra info as of yet.
i broke up with someone recently and he's not taking it well.
They'll be okay and now you know... do go walk in on them or anybody else.
DON'T CALL ME AND IT WILL CONFIRM MY SUSPICION,THAT YOU do really LIKE ME :0(
maybe cuz it aligned with your heart
Is it you want to get laid or you want him to love you
if hes cheating and your cheating is not worth it.
in today 's world , we have things that can kill you , like H.I.V.
if it's true love, then the man won't cheat on his wife.
wait , wait and wait, but not for too long e.g.
Most women like jewelry, like a sterling siler charm bracelet... but personalize it with an inscription,
It's probably more like $70 per person now.
if She going 2 Starbucks 10 to 1 old 4 .
Because the looks aren't there forever and then what have you got??
Most likely she'll get the hint that you like her.
or you could pretend you were giving out surveys: excuse me.
First, If he's cheating , dump him.
Slow Ride by a beautiful Big 10 Inch by Aerosmith Slide it In by Whitesnake
no he is not, but be sure , whatever you do , try to focus first on your education and career.
i THINK IT 's NICE TO HAVE SOME ONE PERKY
well, if you can get it corrected , get it done.
Easy, train yourself to want the girl that you can get.
i guess that just means he doesnt not
you don't, if it was meant to work out , then you wouldn't have broken up in the first place.
A GIRL TO BRING it HOME AND ONE THAT CAN TURN IT UP WHEN SHE WANTS
excellent sex,but lack of trust because of insecurities.
if she does not like you move on.
but It was the first thing I noticed when we met.
Walk up and whip it out?
i'd say just end up next to her and say hi and how are you.
his and the girls ' maturity level.
not only men, but women also cheat and it is very simple, humans are not meant to be monogamic .
but It was the first thing I noticed when we met.
Walk up and whip it out?
his and the girls ' maturity level.
For Things are going pretty well.
THAT IS NICE,AS LONG AS IT'S ME AND TWO GIRLS, I'm GAME.
Is But Is is it just because he's nice?
or If you do want to use a condom, you use one yourself, they make them.
You only think they are nice.
Can I get a credit card at Yahoo . The Best of all , If yes , then you are still great .
Go to a concert, a club, a play....make a date at home!
hey man it's no secret!have you ever heard opposites attrack?
give her the cute puppydog look . They ca refuse and see what happens.
At that age , the boys were pretty eager to get laid anyway.
i do know the nitty gritty details but it sounds like you never had to go throw this before.
If not, then you'd better get away from him, and seriously consider reporting him to the police!
enjoying yourself for not being in an affair.. Time comes for you to enjoythe affair too!!!!!!!!
If that doesn't work, get them really drunk.
My husband thinks that I am!
a transvestite either by default or by cross dressing
But good people are out there.
tell him it over , he needs to get a life if he likes it or not
Some guys don't care about looks at all, yet they still prefer attractive women.
you asking him to do something that guys hate doing, and he says yes
are you comparing your stats with the 'average' ?
But that's the key- you gotta get one first.
kissing, touching, and fondling is cheating too.
Olso if you ask a girl and they turn you down to flirt and she will reconsider :) !
just make sure you do it when she is with her friends.
are you comparing your stats with the 'average' ?
But that's the key- you gotta get one first.
kissing, touching, and fondling is cheating too.
Olso if you ask a girl and they turn you down to flirt and she will reconsider :) !
just make sure you do it when she is with her friends.
The only reason they're nice is because they don't want to in your pants, cuz they're gay!
i have a weakness for goth girls!
is there really, cos I always felt.
If she refuses , you ca bare that ( if you love her really ).
That doesn't mean I would ever consider actually wanting to be with them... Is that shallow?
lets hope you meet the one who loves you soon!!
Send a copy to her parents and you score x 2
We need more men like biglips.. out there.
etc make guys think real hard 'n almost get nervous
nothing, because she is your ex.
CHECK OUT Tony ROBBINS ' NEW DVD ABOUT RELATIONSHIPS!!!
it is ok to be gay.
It does not mean he does not like you....unless he actually says so!
do give yourself up to any man , because most of the time , that is all they want.
You should tell her your feelings
Just ignore her and get on with your life.
hiring a blond maid to do the work for your wife.
just give it a little time.
i thinking too much about the past
Say it with your eyes, jestures and smile a lot
TELL HIM TO BACK UP OFF YOUR GIRL!!
BUT 4 MO AIN'T THAT LONG FOCUS ON HELPING MORE THAN THEY LOVING
Reason: Ya gotta fit well together, right?
Dating, you mean like movies and that?
in short , you need to grow up and be an adult....
Hey, that dress is getting on you .
But He also wants me to find a girl!
be completely honest and then stay away....
use a condom & protect yourself . There are sexually transmitted dieseses out there , you know.
Stop taking a bath and using your deodrant ;)
Helped me seperate myself from all this kind of garbage!
it is definitely husband and wife.
just make sure its not illegel
That They are the ones that make waking up every moment a reason.
get a small vib called the silver bullet, rub it around her CLITORIS (lol) that will drive her crazy!
Hell NO that would probably ruin the relationship , so do do it if you really like him .
THE BEST WAY TO teach A WOMAN IS to BE YOURSELF.
but you don't actually do it....does that makes you violent?
If you are on the floor , then you are a mat, huh?
Hell NO that would probably ruin the relationship , so do do it if you really like him .
THE BEST WAY TO teach A WOMAN IS to BE YOURSELF.
ok come on my start........ if it says YES THEN ALL THE BEST FRIEND
but you don't actually do it....does that makes you violent?
If you are on the floor , then you are a mat, huh?
Just let her know you love spending time with her, NO matter how long you guys have been together.
, this is the best question
Be honest...girls think its cute when guys are shy.
1) Don't use your tongue when kissing her.
no, because if they are really in love , but if not it wrong.
, this is the best question
Be honest...girls think its cute when guys are shy.
1) Don't use your tongue when kissing her.
no, because if they are really in love , but if not it wrong.
That's the best I could really come up with.. Good-luck!
It may be its real because you would not know the value of things when they are with you.
its his lack of self confidence.
Your flaws make you who you are , otherwise you just blend in with everyone else out there.
with this . I mean, are you doing what you really want to do, are you happy, generous, etc.?
so there is a very fine line between love and hate for real.
If that doesn't work, go with me:)
guys like nice watches, pocketknives and gadgets.
Its up to both of you.
while I suppose that it is possible; I do think that 's very likely.
Ask her what she likes best and surprise her with something new
He will do it again, Scumbags always do...
i hope I havn't upset you but I'm not going to lie either.
anybody know how to go about it?
(both are madly in love w/ other
and If she does believe you , she wants to do anything.talk to her in person.
theres more fighting and killings because of religious
I I I can do anything for my family.
the same reason girls do ask!
acting like you care about what he says.
and If she does believe you , she wants to do anything.talk to her in person.
theres more fighting and killings because of religious
I I I can do anything for my family.
the same reason girls do ask!
acting like you care about what he says.
Durex brand of condoms is the world's best
My guess is she probably does , so you have nothing to worry about . I'm sure!
Get her a single red rose . She will love it!
OH AND NOW I PLAY THE GAME MORE OFTEN, LOL!!
sure . I'll go for ya . domepeice7@yahoo.com
of course, if I was on you , I'd be coming too!
and They have been together longer than any of my straight friends have.
i think so, especially because she might have studied
do all what she says till your purse is empty
probably because we've all been single and liked it for awhile.
YOU MUST THINK AND DECIDE,WHAT IS THE ADVANTAGE AND THE MINUS!
hmmm...when You are out with friends . Its kinda hard to get other'ssssss attention.
40...HavE You sEEn the MovIe 40 YeAr Old Virgin?
But plz don't talk about shopping or anything else work related unless it is fun
I WOULD GIVE HER A thank CARD, THEN MOVE ON WITH MY LIFE.
Am I selfish to want my husband home?
spray a little of your perfume on it.
IF IT 's WORTH IT TO YOU, DISCUSS HOW YOU ARE FEELING WITH HIM AND IT MAY CHANGE THINGS.
i'm got no experience . I'm looking for others to experience with romance .
Hi I am normal dude but I have a problem.
Well if she likes who you r not wat u then you should just tell her.
HAHAHAHA 8th grade...are you serious...don't worry about boyfriends...concentrate about your REAL friends
The answer is: All guys have the same strategy: catch you lying in bed.
- *I 'Agree'With:Shy Rider-&-Rafi;{Just To Keep - ThingsShort-&-Simple.
MY MOTHER IN A GOOD WAY
start acting like a bad gal with action - packed expressions!!!!!!!!!
HECK not ONCE A CHEATER , ALWAYS A CHEATER
Who could be sure that they wouldn't cheat again?
he/she is always in your mind, even though you are asleep, you even dream of him.
um...you've been talking on the phone for a while.
I know someone out there can help.
Does that mean that if 'm good at sex , I ca be trusted?
What should I do to get his attention?
Banging a 30 - 38 year old hot mom.
Anyway, I hope things work out for you.
Advice - she's going to say no or she's just trying to wrap you up.
i like my girl to be a nice lady in the street and a freak in the sheets
its kind up to your parents.
u just have to trust her , then respect. her
Guys usually don't care, not men.
just remember if you do call him , do do it all the time, there is no need to smother him.
Now I 'm in a dilemma, Shud I GET MY LOVE, or SHUD I RETAIN MY SWEET FRIEND....???
Sorry, But I do know how to contact you any other way, Thanks for the help!
So, what makes guys like me any different, you ask?
It's not like they stay at home and cook and take care of kids these days :D
I don't think it is fate.
You're finding the wrong kinda guys.
But thinking of relationships with strangers is not bad .
you have sex with your girlfriend.
love is Just being in their presence makes you happy.
I asked him and he said that it was just fun.
Has she hinted at anything at the mall or something like that?
I see no reason to go, have fun- just make sure you are protected
- *What You Talking About:...STEREO TYPE?-Huh?
he ca just have you whenever he wants----only if you are OK with it.
hell pays you back 3 fold later.
AND I JUST THINK MEN DON'T CARE?
I suspect that she and her lover broke up, but I never asked.
well you can have me and get your mind off of her(my e-mail is cent_ciara_disey@yahoo.com).
Yes he asks to marry you and no no wedding ring
But both sides have their up's and down's.
offer yourself to him for free.
me and my boyfriend were happy until this person , Ryan, came into the picture.
did I mention lots of good sex.
I THINK you SHOULD TAKE MORE TIME TO RESEARCH ABOUT WHAT MAKES MEN TICK.
If you have to ask this question , This is the best answer you should get .
offer yourself to him for free.
me and my boyfriend were happy until this person , Ryan, came into the picture.
did I mention lots of good sex.
I THINK you SHOULD TAKE MORE TIME TO RESEARCH ABOUT WHAT MAKES MEN TICK.
If you have to ask this question , This is the best answer you should get .
HAD SEX WITH MY ex - MOM AND HER AT THE SAME TIME
don't know if that'll help at all.
Some people just don't talk a lot
no matter what happens , she is too busy and tired.
I Lord over all that is ours..... at least I like to think that.
1: What do you look for in a relationship?
Maybe you need to spice it up?
I know this from experience, I get all stupid when I talk to the girls that I like.
Maybe the hair wouldn't have been so bad without all the makeup that went along with it.
I DON'T THINK IT'S RIGHT, BUT IT'S THE TRUTH!!
Is it just me or is her answer telling you it's o.k.
Remember what's good about you Keep yourself busy and Give yourself time to hang on
IT IS A FILM AND ALSO A STORY
Then go back to being funny, stern, enigmatic.
for one your disgusting wait til your married , then you wo have to worry about all that dummie
Will you please please give me a chance?
A lot to waste every
we just pretend to be that way to be polite.
What ever you do, don't yell!
even girls would want a little shyness from their guys.
my My honest, straight from the hip , the answer is, NO!
If they cheat on their spouse (like you are) then how long until they cheat on me.
`coz that`s the best way to let emotions come out.
I was patient.... I waited and well I found the love of my life.
if sex is involved, then all he wants from you is that.
Girl, its NOT YOU, it his thinking is off.
i would be a player player go out with both of them . They are the hottest of them all
Just smile at him and say hi here and there, it'll throw him off.
im a guy; I know all about it, trust me.
no because they wouldn't be able to get the internet down there.
If you both really like skiing, then at the ski hill... Something like that .
then buy some chocolate for her.
Don't give them any cheesy pick up lines.
I've seeing my girl in my life.
edit: didn't john hinkley have some fixation with Jodi foster?
no I am not cheating if you want to know.
OF COURSE , YOU ARE FREE NOW TO DECIDE BECAUSE YOUR CHILD HAS BEEN THEIR OWN FAMILY.
tell her You're an axe murderer
the one you get from someone you love
he may not be exactly bored of you, just give him a little space.
tell him the truth with a raised head
and give love marks........... we just love it
Some guys have lots of trouble going from 'seeing someone' to actually being a boyfriend and girlfriend.
people are mean because they have n't better to do.......i am nice , but then again I bite!!!
he may not be exactly bored of you, just give him a little space.
tell him the truth with a raised head
and give love marks........... we just love it
Some guys have lots of trouble going from 'seeing someone' to actually being a boyfriend and girlfriend.
people are mean because they have n't better to do.......i am nice , but then again I bite!!!
finally love by placing their happiness above your own , even if that means you are not together.
Over a man that I thought she shouldn't date!
i love my family very much.
No, definitely not...I wouldn't expect most guys to have a preference at all really.
u can talk about things they like and if it's a girl, start dating
How about just a half day?
unless your job is respectful and it is good to have a spouse, it 's your choice.
When ever ready, It is all about time.
And, no --- I do not work for them!
The Best way to attract the ladies.
write them a note and put it in their locker
get in bed and stick his penis in your virgina and lose your virginity!
only If you're ugly if a man wants to be your friend.
ANY KIND OF SHARING OF INTIMACY OR EVEN A DESIRE TO SHARE INTIMACY!!!
Best of luck and have fun!
Ur thinking about love, love's thinking about you.
Follow Nike's motto - Just Do It!
I call it I love you if. you you
^How-&-What Way IsSTEREO -TYPE 'Used' For:/With:>Love?Huh?
Make it unforgettable . I got a big bag of rose petals.
Is she someone you work with?
Think deep ya'll...lol...this is a good one, huh?
Because I Want Them To Be
-the 1st time we date, I have already taken her to my bedroom and lied her beside me.
yea really, let him be a kid, Your still a kid at 10. Let him believe what he wants.
Not if you do want to have sex.
every day you go home with a new porn . You will be more excited than anything
Im sorry, they are all gay.
Girls don't want to die, but guys only care about getting off.
well she did, it is not my problem cuz he does like her anymore(that me and everyone knows
boy boy girl girl whatever, just someone to love and to love you and circle the wagons with.
YES SIR, YOUR BARKING at THE WRONG TREE.
begging is definitely not a good reason to sleep with anyone, especially when you are seeing someone.
i don't believe completely in this kind of love because meeting makes each other clear and faithful , truly
Well ask him what he would like to do...pick something together that both of you would enjoy.
boy boy girl girl whatever, just someone to love and to love you and circle the wagons with.
YES SIR, YOUR BARKING at THE WRONG TREE.
begging is definitely not a good reason to sleep with anyone, especially when you are seeing someone.
i don't believe completely in this kind of love because meeting makes each other clear and faithful , truly
Well ask him what he would like to do...pick something together that both of you would enjoy.
* Because most girls don't give a fuck for their boys.
i do know , I want to ask the same question .
LUST IN THE HEART IS CHEATING
i would have to say love because friends move away and your lover probably wants
When in doubt, ask what she likes best.
first, either your friends are not writing you or you do write them.
it's easier to get younger girls to have sex with them.
r 2 old to have your first date
mabye he will ask you out
When in doubt, ask what she likes best.
first, either your friends are not writing you or you do write them.
it's easier to get younger girls to have sex with them.
r 2 old to have your first date
mabye he will ask you out
14-17, you guys are such pussies, oooohh before they married
because that is their nature , answ3r3r
if not , you only waste a little time.
first take it slow and passionate and then do it hard but gental.
Couple's Therapy, I know it sounds dumb, but believe me it really does help........
14-17, you guys are such pussies, oooohh before they married
because that is their nature , answ3r3r
if not , you only waste a little time.
first take it slow and passionate and then do it hard but gental.
Couple's Therapy, I know it sounds dumb, but believe me it really does help........
I feel like I love my guy, but I don't feel madly in love with him.
be lying naked on her bed holding a rose in your teeth
starting a conversation, I've read in a magazine before that funny people most of times think faster.
no offensive to that girl but I have one word SL*T!
well, it might mean she really likes the ankle braclet.. Gesh men are such jealous creatures.
How to pick up a girl at work?
Let me know how that works out for ya.
They just gotta have it, and while not all men are like that, I've heard of quite a few.
girl You should tell someone if they get hurt
HE WILL NEVER CHANGE, I HAVEN'T AND WE WENT (MY WIFE AND I) through THE SAME THING.
How to pick up a girl at work?
Let me know how that works out for ya.
They just gotta have it, and while not all men are like that, I've heard of quite a few.
girl You should tell someone if they get hurt
HE WILL NEVER CHANGE, I HAVEN'T AND WE WENT (MY WIFE AND I) through THE SAME THING.
heck, like a guy with good teeth.
Just don't go solo, it makes the grrrs mad.
then why would he stay in just because you got mad.
I did, & I've been deliriously happy for over five years now... Just follow your heart...
I married someone I met online.
heck, like a guy with good teeth.
Just don't go solo, it makes the grrrs mad.
then why would he stay in just because you got mad.
I did, & I've been deliriously happy for over five years now... Just follow your heart...
I married someone I met online.
probably because you like your choir director.
not only does a guy have to worry about guys hitting on you , but women also!
i feel 16 is a great age to start but that 's just me.
Yes I wouldnt date an 11 year old cuz I am 15 .
And also think of having a baby your own child/children someday!
so when greed sets in.
Almost all relationships start with lust....people like what you see in the physical first.
Just like you know you're in love, you know when you or the one you love isn't.
I did not know green was associated with sex . I always thought it was like red .
He swears that nothing happened , but I mean come on it's a sex drug!
High school is stupid, people can be mean.
If One hot girl is good, then two would be great.
now that just 2 are her parents .
do what is in your heart
josie, even if you tried to except him, hell never change my boyfriend is the same way.
High school is stupid, people can be mean.
If One hot girl is good, then two would be great.
now that just 2 are her parents .
do what is in your heart
josie, even if you tried to except him, hell never change my boyfriend is the same way.
Sometimes girls get louder or try to act like they're having fun in front of the guy they like.
with homosexual sex, it won't just work
SO,IF YOU THINK IT WOULD BE an ADVANTAGE FOR YOU, WHY WORK?
This is the ex I found in bed with another girl.
The It depends on the girl 's character
My friend has a horrible boyfriend..in my opinion!!!!!
But that should stop you from really enjoying it!
what women say has different meanings for them and for men
Well I must say as a guy.
It means you made yourself a challenge to her when you said you didn't want a glimpse anymore.
PLEASE DON'T CHEAT ON THAT MAN!!!!
its all about me me me me me.
Do it naked if you have to.
by walking...thats usually how people approach anything:)
and you said that you're good looking, that's already a plus for an ice breaker.
Match.com , The gym College Borders Self - help meetings (we all need at least 1 catagory)
TRUST ME ABBYRAE, THEY ARE NOT :-) ;-)
OK girls can change their voice to get what they want
Life is what you make of it no matter how old you are.
Cheating doesn't solve anything but lust!
i think when time comes.that could come anytime.so I am waiting
Take a break from both of them... who is it that you'll miss the most?..
i don't of another man when I am out with my man.
Then could I be faking IT.
it doesnt sound like you really love either of them.
You should listen to your head, you're obviously doubting.
if he can't respect that , then that is too bad.
you feel it in your heart.
talk to your man about everything.
answers from females would be helpful .
You should listen to your head, you're obviously doubting.
if he can't respect that , then that is too bad.
you feel it in your heart.
talk to your man about everything.
answers from females would be helpful .
No It's not wrong to love!
I wouldn't cheat on my wife if you placed a gun to my head.
you just have to let time go by.
Just ask her once why and if she does say , then leave it alone.
this only proves that you do not truly love your boyfriend.
and there are many different kinds of reigions.
Don't dwell on it and it won't be an issue.
Face You don't have a married
friendship is by telling the truth to you when others won't, listening, not judgeing
I STILL BLEED AFTER SEX , BUT AT LEAST I KNOW THERE'S NOTHING WRONG THERE .
you preggo or him being mean?
brains can give you good looks.
3 writing to pronounce, Do speak English huh?
Where should I go from here?
Why do you save the poor women and just get a divorce!
Rockstars love drugs and strippers , right?
but not.just think and try not to grow up too fast .
i think you should dip his ass and leave him.
B'coz, you 're a stranger to her.
No they don't, and do not read ladder theory.
A Lot of guys are jerks because they are insecure.
Give him a chance to grow up.
do tell 'cause if you do , she might act or start doing dif..
what doesnt kill , only makes you stronger . Yep remember this .
Anyhow, best of luck to you!
i say both because a gurl loves pleasure and the size really does matter .
actually silence doesn't always mean the person is bored of you.
do tell 'cause if you do , she might act or start doing dif..
what doesnt kill , only makes you stronger . Yep remember this .
Anyhow, best of luck to you!
actually silence doesn't always mean the person is bored of you.
not to say that this is what is going on with your hubby...
so I please request you to listen to your heart.
basing on that, you know what to do.
my Here comes the clue train . The Next stop is you Les3nday!!
If you truly love him, no.
i am straight but I have gay friends.
I certainly do not want kids at the mo.
telling her your name and telling her that she looks beautiful.... start there
yes he is too old for you
I feel it on his own.
i am straight but I have gay friends.
I certainly do not want kids at the mo.
telling her your name and telling her that she looks beautiful.... start there
yes he is too old for you
I feel it on his own.
but as for the guy wait.
Ah, the old hump & dump.
asking your heart . It really tells you the correct answer.
If you want some ideas, then we should talk!
Just because you H says he ended the affair doesn't mean it's really dead.
but as for the guy wait.
I'm going to lay it down like I see it though.
It sounds like both of you need to grow up a bit before either one of you gets married.
asking him why he been acting so shady and chances are he doesnt even know he is.
yes I would because this might stop his behavior
BECAUSE THERES NO MORE GOOD MEN . They ALL DIED WITH MY GRANDFATHER.
not sure what you mean by Will I get him ???
but doesn't mean it's going to be easy.
Just ask him what he wants.
lot of deep thinking , eager to go on.
otherwise you should find a foreign BF!
ITs like all mental.... if you do hit it off in the head first , the rest is all sex.
Try going to chat rooms in the Philippines...
u should be pure before you get married
They're beautiful, sexy, and great fun to be with.
.. 'm guessing you like her and so you want her to like you back ...well good luck..
Do whatever he wants in bed.
but hey, whatever floats your boat.
Or good people do exist anymore
for some yes and some no.
Brains, looks good , but to get somewhere you need brains
see if he really likes you and then ask him out.
i am also kind of scared too.
but that makes them different is their taktics!!!!
don't be stupid and enjoy the moment.
you may have already tried this, but switchboard.com has been great for me in the past
say hi, and introduce yourself... then make a conversation
just be yourself yourself . The first thing you need to realize is that you are special.
OK , Well to turn hom on a good trick is to rub his ear.
I say if you like her; then go for it.
its obvious that he just wanted your body.
But most of the time, I don't at all.
not all everyone wants one thing . Some are true sweet hearts .
I just want to be friends & nothing more.
So basically , if that is what floats your boat rather than ride it Girl!!
Basicly, one way to tell is if you're flirting with this guy and don't realize it.
Some women do, and some men enjoy it too
Well married women should not have a boyfriend to comment on!
next time he shows signs that he might.
Basicly, one way to tell is if you're flirting with this guy and don't realize it.
Some women do, and some men enjoy it too
Well married women should not have a boyfriend to comment on!
a friend, a lover, and their middle leg.
try thinking will I like her when you see a girl.
First off . If you only contemplate doing it because HE wants it , then you need to wait.
OK mail me at mewmewcrystal@yahoo.com for help . That is if you need it .
i would suggest you tell your man first so that he would stay away from that girl.
Whatever you do , don't say it if you do mean it.
ThRoW HeR A surprise WelcOmE BACk PaRtY!
it to encourage homosexuality... n that is certainly unnatural!
would be, odds are you can do better for less.
In my opinion , there is no reason to cheat...just leave the person if you are not happy!
i like this girl but she is popular and 'm not as popular as she is.
find what you like shemales bi-sexual whatever you feel good with.
i bet she is hot, too, like you
I use to think all men were jerks but it was just the local I was in.
so always try to look at things from every angle.
Tell your ex_bf to get lost.
AGE IS NOTHING BUT A NUMBER.
no way, What if you get caught
if that person truly cares about you , they will back off and give you time.
I knew a girl who got promised with a rifle instead of a promise ring, and she loved it!
He's just not that into you.
Too many bad boys out there.
:) I am single and attractive but a tad bit cute at first.
to me it would be my wife !
Before I got married , I had one year in college as a computer graphic artist.
I must side with GETRD2GO above... married women with a boyfriend?
do plan any thing , just be punctual on your wedding day,,best of luck,,
do let other people tell you who to hang out with and who not to.
This is not having sex , but your b.f. might like it enough to stay...
AND HOW CAN ONE GET ONE?
cause they want their girl/boyfriend to get near to their siblings
Once I realized this, my next relationship really worked because I didn't need it, I wanted it.
But if he has changed, or is willing to change, then try getting counsling or something like that.
IF ALL ELSE FAILS - USE YOUR HANDS!!!
LL Cool , definitely Gotta love those lips lol
well to this day she is still talking about me!
because you love or care too much...
No because once you get married you should have sex anymore.
do what feels right to you.
sure.at least she experienced.but it could ruin your friendship sincerely
i need ideas on the best way to propose to her.
Well...Being a lesbian, I'm often around gay guys a lot...and trust me honey...Not all of them are good looking!
tell her that its gay and annoying.
Older women like nice men, and younger women like jerks.
So, keep it new and interesting!!
and if you are considering cheating , just double check . You care as much as you feel you do
then maybe you'll get some action!
do you have gay chat rooms for teenagers
And don't lead her on afterwards.
SHES GOING TO FEEL LIKE A PIECE OF SH!T.
I told her every thing clearly and she said she would think.
because most people make the mistake of just blurting it out.
When will men stop being such..........
So have fun looking for the right woman.
its the godspot, what is missing in lots of people 's lives
He has more issues than you know and you can't fix him, don't even try.
and I wanted to see who else is in love
Boyfriends and girlfriends do things that other friends usually don't do, so they form special bonds.
WELL I GUESS BECAUSE God MADE YOU THAT WAY.
Don't always smell like a guy.
when you see him in person....give him some love if you know what I mean:) .
don't break up with him , BUT do CALL HIM!!!!
females chimpanzees do not have orgasm.
= I'd like to have sex with you.
i had a baby 7 months ago.
for the simple reason that we, men, love you ladies.
you never said that you had everything and he had nothing.
there is no real good answer for this ??
its not like he is going anywhere.
I watching adult movies with my hubby.
Men are kind of like dogs.
if he is serious after three months.
Always Back off if you hear these unfortunate words.
and He came and talked to me in both of my dreams.
we do and we do have feelings for them ....most of our friends are guys .
I am a guy and I can honestly say, that porn is disgusting.
i think this is true...well for me it is and I think a lot of women do.
If you love them , then talk about it and ask but don't expect too much.
take your time and whatever you do, do not do the porno tongue flick.
I mean, he is basically saying Gosh . It is tough being me.
Maybe ur bf found a really insecure girl in hopes of a jell-o pitted cat fight!
You're certainly attentive tonight . = Is sex all you ever think about?
Once her and I broke it off - I knew a lot of other bi-sexual - - - - - and gay women.
I HAD MY HEART BROKEN ONCE AND I SUFFERED a lot
run away screaming and waving your hands!
And believe me , no guy wants someone that is really loose.
go up to him and say 'm sorry I thought boys were supposed to call girls.
I read a lot and am not what you would call attractive at all.
but are you sexually attracted to women than men.
the ones that do that, are totally not OK as human beings
no just learn from your mistake,but don't hurt your girlfriend
a Good spa days is always nice.
A place where people want to be gangsta's and rappers hang out
do you think she would leave her husband?
just close your eyes and give it a go... :-)
Send him this text message: Hun, my phone died, but my luv 4 u never will.
a necklace with a heart charm on it.
if not be careful and be yourself next time you go hunting for a wife.
just let them hang out support your friends , dont let it get to you.
let your best friend Yvan tell him
even give them a little timer to watch.
tell her what she wants to hear.
but there are guys and they are usually hot.
Who Ever Said Yes is Very WRONG . That is a no no .
yes....hell I have fallen in love every other night with a ton of female movie stars...lol
Her sentences are starting to sound like, I Ahhness got ahhness an A+ Ahhness on my Ahhness math test.
she will understand then . If she is she will open up to you , No worries
they will follow around your wife and find out if she is cheating on you or not!
yes, if they really have a true love.
Didn't I just tell you I took em all and turned em into lesbians?
yes,but it will hurt you ,so pick one!
once I found out for sure , I told him and he proposed.
If you guys had so much fun, I doubt he just lost interest, especially since he is still calling.
wouldn't you say that you are attracted to him, like him...?
Keep it on a don't ask don't tell policy.
The best thing would be to ask, What's wrong?
I think you might just love what you not getting.
christmas is not about gift giving.
If that doesn't work then he is not as mature as you think... Hope that helps.
He don't even look at me like he wants me , but he wants to marry me, why?
ive heard that the first time(im talking about sex) is the worst time.
Just ask her while you go to the movie theater together me tonight~~~ it is easy to do~
My daughter still talks about how he treated me.
mean , but if she is cheating on you , she diserves it!
need to decide who's more important, your boyfriend or your friend/roommate..
Men either do or they don't.
or is she not telling you because that something could harm you
one day, I'm gonna leave you and guess what.
but if they don't mind you should you
i think it 's ugly and disgusting.
He's sketchy... She didn't catch it until recently... that means that he's been playing without rubber.
everyone has different ways of doing things.
The The best way a man asked me out was just so innocent, he asked.
Gay guys are more into things girls like (shopping, decorating, accessorizing,etc).
well , you can always learn more about them then do things they like.
ask him to hang out with you and be really nice to him . Maybe give him a gift
Please do beat... normally that makes things worse.
when you spend too much time with strangers on Yahoo , then meet people in real life .
I have lots of great friends .
he knows he is not the father.
A woman's most erogenous zone is her BRAIN!!
Only she knows what is going on....so you HAVE to talk to her.
Because they are afraid of their own sexuality.
and they really do make her look fat, don't say that.
smarts matter because laughter can only get you so far.
just.... don't kill her, that would be a bad idea.
but find out the age thing first/
a lady in the streets and a freck in bed!!
Are you interested in this girl??
Meaning what good to do on a date
Not bad to love him, bad to wreck his home though.
Dude...whatever you do , don't give her the power
You should care , but if she really loves you , she wouldn't let you go .
i couldn't imagine not being married, but like I said, everyone is different...
Good lunch with the great dolls
I like doing things guys like to do , like skateboarding and we even are a band (i play drums).
I don't know, but if you find out , let me know!
I keep going back and forth.
I wouldn't give it to her.
Why on earth would any woman want that?!
No matter how you say it, it's going to hurt like hell.
as many times as you want.
I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the girl of my dreams.
Means you need to follow your dreams!
But right now.......you just aren't in a position to be that person.
not only fooling them , but most importantly , fooling yourself.
depends on what you lubing..KY for sex or wd40 for other lubes
will let you go deeper
Also Girls do have a lot more hormones than guys.
but She just broke up with me last year, and I don't know why.
Ask her out and see what she says.
How do I deal with this?
BTW I am not saying Arts students are not decent.
I was 19 <Male> before I lost my viginty to my wife!!!
what you need to ask yourself . Can I deal with this in my
yeah it depends on the guy and the girl.
Do not come and say I want a divorce, That word is hostile.
If Either boy didn't work out . I always had the other one.
so you just need to wait for the same dream :D
there is this another guy that loves me and is going to ask me out.
we only heard of guys who want to marry more than 1 girl
pay her and go home to your wife
does he drool when he stares?
Like a dinner at her fav.
Sexy goes both ways, so try acting like you are and you will be sexy.
maybe He wants you to ask him out.
it would be alright for a barbie!!!
Then USE THAT ANSWER TO BASE YOUR NEXT BIT OF CHAT ON.
ask her or catch her in the crime
It was a very funny dream.
maybe He wants you to ask him out.
it would be alright for a barbie!!!
ask her or catch her in the crime
It was a very funny dream.
I could have gone for the rest of my life without ever seeing her again.
get him a box of condoms and say , let do it sexy . I think that will work
hope this works and can you tell me after words if it does or doesn't ~shivani~
i was asked out by this guy yesterday and I said yes.
= I'd like to have sex with you.
how do I break up with the other guy without hurting his feelings??
Yes I hope you will be happy new year
take him to small claims court
Just try I mean if it's big then ?
I hope your wife reads it online!
If she will not sign it , tell her to hit the ROAD.
I would just break up with her..thats messed up
but do not go out with the other guy.
PLEASE - only swingers respond to this question!!
It's pretty hard to find the total package, don't care if you are a guy or a girl.
You just gotta let things go once in a while.
BTW, begging for ladies on the internet makes you look oh so slightly pathetic....
no way , if you just met this guy , you should not let him move in with you.
It SOUNDS LIKE YOU ARE IN A CASUAL RELATIONSHIP NOW.
Pretty people can be very ugly!
Try watching it with him, you might enjoy it too.
...and do women take this as a source of breast enlargement?
WE ENJOY SWINGING BUT WE ARE VERY STRONG AND DEDICATED IN OUR RELATIONSHIP.
and if they shoot you down.
BTW, I've NEVER kissed a guy!!!!
Only Pigs actually enjoy having sex 4 pleasure....
Just say nice things about him or her.
Sorry...I hope I'm wrong for your sake, but I don't think I am.
so think about that before you start digging.
see if your friends have friends that are single.
Get out there and doing stuff that you like, and he will be there waiting for you.Good luck!
just wondering and support your answers?
WHEN YOU FIGURE IT OUT ...SEND ME ONE
YOU DONT IT WILL CUM TO YOU. ]
Yeah, Go Ahead . I mean I do It all the Time.
also be well mannered, be a gentlemen, chivalry is not dead yet!
I think dating older guys should not be a problem.
sometimes you get lucky and someone spills it.
Ask yourself if you love men.
you get to know him, you get to know everything.
i ca stand by looking at my reflection.
YOU MEAN A LONG TERM RELATIONSHIP.WELL,WHEN YOUR CASUAL RELATIONSHIP MATURES TO A FULL RELATIONSHIP,YOU WILL KNOW.
Women: Do you or would you and why?
If she enjoyed/wanted it as much as you , then sure its gonna only help you .
asking him and making the first movie
that's my two cents any way.
they are out there I promise!
How about, Hey, I need more sex !
well you have to turn them on first , then it is all on from then on.
If anything's wrong . You can always make it a kind of a joke.
looking into his eyes, try to read his eyes or heart if you know him pretty well
If no , then your first time should be bad.
Best Of Luck, Ice Princess P.S.
a straight female, openminded, a mother, sexually active, intelligent!
He want you for sex and nothing else.
= I'd like to have sex with you.
Like: Hi _______ did you see _______ on TV last night?
if you answer this question , then you need to practice.
i looking for a guy who is going to...
They want to see her full lips on or around them !
I just had things that he didn't and he had things that I didn't.
and He always leaves without telling her.
Just don't expect to fall in love in 10 days unless you actually achieve your perfect match
OR YOU CAN JUST ASK HIM TO BE UP FRONT WITHYOU!
there must be a reason for you guys to have broken up in the first place . Am I right?
if the like you back, or you think they like you, just go for it.
Do younger women see 38 year old guys and think there is no way he's old!??
not long 'cause they will ask you soon , so just get it over with
do make a big deal about it.
Perhaps she likes you too much and is afraid that she is getting too strong??
It'll be hard to leave, but GO NOW!
bcoz you do have a chance to love other guys girl girlfriend
So He would call me next and so on and so on.
I love him and I am going to marry him but I don't want my family to disown me.
yOU NEED TO STAY OFF THAT SHIT!!
be confident in yourself, but not self - absorbed.
It Sounds like they're busy with their own lives/friends/whatever.
I do know what to tell you.
Most of us are like this.
When your wife says What the......?!?!?!?!?
plus, if you are a bad conversationalist , then you don't have to talk too much...
WY WIFE DID THE SAME THING.
(they will say it doesn't matter but it does!)
they have a list that may be helpful at weddingchannel.com
she wants romance, charm, wit, comedy, and you have to be good - looking!!
she says I want to have sex with you.
and I know all of st8 people who have had them too.
But there is a saying - LOVE IS LOVELIER THE SECOND TIME AROUND, and it is true.
CUT THE SECURITY BLANKET AND MOVE ON, You ONLY come BACK BECAUSE IT'S EASY TO DO SO.
she wants romance, charm, wit, comedy, and you have to be good - looking!!
she says I want to have sex with you.
and I know all of st8 people who have had them too.
But there is a saying - LOVE IS LOVELIER THE SECOND TIME AROUND, and it is true.
CUT THE SECURITY BLANKET AND MOVE ON, You ONLY come BACK BECAUSE IT'S EASY TO DO SO.
Well 2 tell them easily . Just tell them it is not working out and we should just be friends
leave him and find a good guy.
6 months , you should be pounding her but good because in 12 mo.
I have a lot of guy friends!!!!!!
do you want to try to stop loving?
do flip . It not like he can just forget about her . After all , she is his ex .
(Do not say anything like 'you seem like a nice guy, but...', this will just encourage him.
either way she's setting the pace.
Some guys are different but I can only speak for myself.
remember that the cops won't be there 24/7 covering your backs.
By the way , nosey family, welcome to outlaws . I mean inlaws!
because if you get married , he will not stop . He will just hide it.
so like a horse cock transplant.
A NAUGHTY GIRL IN THE BEDROOM,IN THE KITCHEN,BATHROOM,STAIRES, HALL,LIVING ROOM ,IN THE EVENING.. AY!
What if you do and he turns out not to be who you expect him to be?
Listen,can a leopard change it'ssssss spot ?
JUST spending TIME AND SHE WILL DO IT WHEN SHE IS COMFORTABLE.
Let me guess, this thing you tangled in, don't feel good does it?
maybe You should call and step up.
That's so you know what to scream.
What if you do do all the little things and she still dosen't come around?
Yes I would because you do like to share guys with another girl , So yes I would be upset .
i knew he was cheating on her bkoz him and my bf talks about it all the time around me.
you love someone and you want to show that you love him so much.
I wouldn't do it if I were you.
guys do care, at least the ones that arent homos
Luckily, I am not that shallow!
Look him/her straight in the eye and say firmly, That is not nice.
I just find it extremely unattractive.
but if you are old enough to make your own decisions and you truly love this person!
i have dated someone I worked with and it is too awkward
You want to know until you ask .
when in doubt ,whip it out :(
For some women, they think that its kinda gross, but if I was your girl...
because y'all are more put together and clean looking.
Show her what she's missing out on.
Sorry I gave you Herpes is a good start.
if he got a girl... let it go...
but There are SOME good guys out there.
and that 's what happened to myself.
yer co-worker.. one who's up to a date as much as you are.
Well , Honestly , I think you should be 15 .
Yeah but only the pictures of my boo..
If the father doesn't like you and your baby , then don't marry him, Later on you will regret. it
if you can answer these 3 questions , then you not try to strengthen your relationship w/ her
They don't want a free ticket to the USA...
if they never call back . That could probably mean that they are not interested
If he is playing you , he will stay with her and keep leading you on.
if you don't believe me , talk to a mind expert.
Well you really don't know.u just feel that you are in love.
i met my wife that way.. wasn't entirely looking, but just made myself available and voila..
a vacation...somewhere nice and romantic....you'll be compensated :)
yep I'm in love and it will be forever.
i do have any mirrors in my bathroom or in my room or anything else.
If she likes movies, take her to a movie!
keep gay male friends, they can tell you things about you a woman won't.
She is everything I want, no more, no less.
a post nup is after your marriage
Have your wedding at the local Shotgun Pete's (I hear it's like 20 dollars there).
Maybe if you ignore him once in a while, he might come around.
i do think a woman would date a gay man.
guys looking at guys all the time, sizing each other up
GIVE HER a BANANA AND ASK WHERE SHE THINKS OF WHEN SHE will EAT'S IT
my My best friend is like a Sister.
She'll be all over you like stink on Pooh!
Also, you could ask him out -- It's okay to do that now!
even The virgins go down on guys
If you really can't trust him , just tell him so he should understand it and except your decision
my My best friend is like a Sister.
She'll be all over you like stink on Pooh!
Also, you could ask him out -- It's okay to do that now!
even The virgins go down on guys
If you really can't trust him , just tell him so he should understand it and except your decision
get someone new, you deserve it.
All we might say is Ya!, I showered and everything....not that cerebral.
WE don't always do our thinking with our brains.
she isn't a trophy, is it
we've been married for 5 years and I never bought him anything to help find the right gift ..thanks guys .
Only if that's what SHE wants.
because we can only take so much, then there's nothing left to do but leave.
And I like Kim chee and Ka go Ge.
do worry though, destiny has a plan and will lead the right person to you at the right time!
love will make a way and dont let anything stand in the way of it!
I'ma go watch Monty Python and the Holy Grail.
Hi Sweety, Well not all women do but I guess most do.
and he should tell her she's sexi.
2. Do you feel like y'all have known other other
If she's done stuff like that before,walk away and don't look back
But not all men act like Babies
he will tell you things he normally does not tell other girls.
we like others but we cannot go on.but we are intrested in our s.e.x
you 'll know in your heart, if it feels right.
i feel that from 1 year , please answer me what I do because I love him so much
But not all men act like Babies
he will tell you things he normally does not tell other girls.
we like others but we cannot go on.but we are intrested in our s.e.x
you 'll know in your heart, if it feels right.
i feel that from 1 year , please answer me what I do because I love him so much
Yes I am in love with a loving, caring, and sometimes goofy man that always keeps me smiling!
It It doesnt matter if the girl admits if she likes you or not.
enjoy being single and do worry about whose right for you, there is probably more than one.
My list is sort of simple , but it is the sort of thing that I like to talk about.
because yer all so good at it .
i do think he would be able to use it.
Never settle for anything, always believe that tomorrow IS ANOTHER DAY!
for a good relationship to work , you need to be honest .
come on , you can do better than that.
Warning: Do NOT try to fake an interest.
(As one of the other members said previously) If she's not.
yes, you should wear it on your penis
OK So, there is this guy that has a girlfriend.
You can't force her to do anything.
we both have careers, She is in her 20's and 'm in my 30's.
* do try to look for him, he will come to you!!
Don't take this literally . This is just my opinion........
Move on with your life and just be his friend don't push things to be more than that.
Your too big and it hurts, or the opposite.
if you got it going on looks-wise, she will be the one chasing you...that's how it works.
shes prolyl playin hard to get.
because people are dumb and in love
so you let him do whatever he wants.
if some girl like that proposed to me I would never have even talked about it to anyone.
if 've been together that long , chances are mom probably has a good idea.
there's plenty of fish in the sea.
Because gay guys are a lot like girls , which is why they like guys no offense to gays.
AS I AM A GIRL BUT I HAVE BEEN IN LOVE WITH MY BOYFRIEND FOR 3 YEARS NOW.
I guess I see it differently.
A pet, a kid, a relationship.
But hey..at least you fought, it would have been worse if you had run away or something like that.
heh...well, I can't seem to get along with girls that well.Most of my friends are guys.
If they don't listen to you - will they listen to their teachers???
My problem is I do want to to come back and bit me in my ass.
Love... is being able to read stuff like this and then...finally...truly understand its meaning.
2 skinny is not attractive , but 2 thick is not good for me either.
See here is the deal- when men want you- they let you know.
But, I guess it is not the best of the places for a third world citizen like I am.
You telling him/her that you love them,
It worked when a guy did it to me!!!
Men give love to have sex.
Y Can't you have a fresh start to a new life?!
Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is and Is your question not silly?
There There There may be lots of reasons why dad does come home as often.
if you don't get it move on to another one.
my talking to him . Honey my boyfriend and I talk all the time
well you are stringing along three now . Why not keep it up.
If you have to ask if you're in love, the answer is no.
and even try to meet up with him but bring some friends.
Hi I am a 46 year old male 5'8tall
Thats the stupidest question I ever heard!
its only because of thinking nothing else.
because your friend has a bigger brain than yours!!
It Sounds to me like he's trying to control you a little too much!
If you don't, then don't bother.
but used to it by now
it turn them on, they're human beings...
cuz you never know if the guy is lying.
i can't believe gals can be thhis sceptical.
There There could be two things .
if you are a girl, it is natural.
That's funny, but I just delt with it.
it's hard, Why fight it, They say the best way to fight temptation is to climb to it.
He asked me who I was dating (no one).
NO STRINGS ATTACHED IS THE BEST POLICY , BUT YOU ARE A BIG GIRL.
Maybe she's seen you ogling at women with beautiful bodies
Otherwise an you may have already known he had been with her while he was with you anyway.....................................
aslong as you get a number that means you doing good.
he don't have much time to see you and he is not working.
I work where there are more guys than gals.
not really...maybe being really really really ridiculously wealthy as well?
always reasure her that she's beautiful.. do it constantly.. with or without her clothes on.
like at school at games to watch on TV
and thanks for the answers you sent me.
Heck yeah we love it, especially if its the one we love doing the rubbing.
I'm 100% sure she'll love it :)
we will have been dating for at least 6 months on Christmas day
Ive had this problem before and I am married.
Ah let's see... CAN WOMEN ??
I think you mean 'obsessed', right?
a little bit of both won't hurt .
but you should let your mother know!!!
I with my lover !
by the way , did I mention how close me and your boyfriend are!
us women are not mindreaders like you guys are not.
but On average, most people have it once or twice a week.
If he's your best friend, he would understand.
i reading the only answer and I think it is the best answer .
If she likes art, take her to a museum or gallery....
nobody is anybody's until he or she is married.
lol That's my advice.. :) Hope it helps!
porn is a relationship breaker , not a helper!
Once a cheater, always a cheater.
You just haven't earned it yet, baby.
yes Some women do like it.
I NEED THAT SEXY ADVICE IN MY LIFE TO HELP ME THROUGH MANY PROBLEMS THAT OCCUR.
Don't always dress like a guy.
THATS GOOD YOU HAVE A HIGH SELF ESTEEM.
you've got to show her you care.
I bet I found him at least five times.
well First of all...what are your chances?
There are so many great guys out there , you don't need to put up with this type of behavior.
I pray that you get well C.Fluellen
you've got to show her you care.
I bet I found him at least five times.
well First of all...what are your chances?
There are so many great guys out there , you don't need to put up with this type of behavior.
I pray that you get well C.Fluellen
DISAPLINE TAKE PRIVLAGES AWAY . Dont LET THEM WALK ALL OVER YOU.
it feels soo great but sometimes it hurts a lot
He won't kiss me, even though it's been almost a year since we started dating.
with her favflowers waiting... or a fiendship ring with something personal engraved on it.
The best you could come up with would be 'adulterer'
DISAPLINE TAKE PRIVLAGES AWAY . Dont LET THEM WALK ALL OVER YOU.
it feels soo great but sometimes it hurts a lot
He won't kiss me, even though it's been almost a year since we started dating.
with her favflowers waiting... or a fiendship ring with something personal engraved on it.
The best you could come up with would be 'adulterer'
If you were my girlfriend , I'd be worried!
and your dad does n't like him , so you would have no future w/him n e way
its good if you appreciate it, bad if you like the earthly , smelly look.
honorable but would have to wonder when the red flag would pop up.
anyway... what has done cannot be undo... so.. is better to don't play with fire...
so yea should I tell her or just leave it in the pass?
I had either gotten too attatched or already slept with them or something and it has just been horrible
Some people just got it comin.
Do men really think about sex that much more than women?
But I would say tell her ASAP.
Tell her and get it off your chest.
Sounds like she might... Why dont you try talking to her...
Frankly speaking , do girls like it?
yeah especially if she is with her friends hanging out having fun.
no offense, it's just cultural differences here.
What if he left his wife and family for you?
when he asks you to marry him like you were saying, ask him where the rock is?
if not..and they arent going to marry you.,then no
maybe You should just let him smoke weed.
I can't find my puppy, Can you help me find him?
hot geek....but a nerd has no confidence therefore...no can do!
He's not only a creep, but he's stupid too...
He really loves his girlfriend , so I don't want to mess that up, but what am I to do?
If it's a, then forget it, she's psychotic once again.
a diamond ring will make a girl appreciate you after you made her mad.
hot geek....but a nerd has no confidence therefore...no can do!
He's not only a creep, but he's stupid too...
He really loves his girlfriend , so I don't want to mess that up, but what am I to do?
a diamond ring will make a girl appreciate you after you made her mad.
Where you don't care about flaws.
Know that you have a friend in the U.S.
he didn't know it was me till I told him.
UNLES YOUR KIDS & YOU HAVE NO place ELSE TO GO BUT THE STREETS, MOVE ON.
Funny It used to be public but...
it's nice if they wear them on their butt and not on their head.
don't get in a rush to settle down.
thank god for us brave women.
carry her books, compliment her (shoes girls love shoe compiliments) and be sensitive.
cuz you annoyed them or just cuz they can't take it . No more try to comfort them
YOU WILL RISK A FRIENDSHIP with HER, YOUR RELATIONSHIP with YOUR boyfriend AND YOUR FRIEND'S RELATIONSHIP.
:) Austin Texas should be a good place.
to be honest, it's somewhat depressing.. Thanks, ladies . I feel like poo now.
i am weird with this I think , but hey it my $.02
I do not see a problem with braces, they do not turn me off one bit.
the It depends on the girl, of course.
Men: Does ur girl watch XXX movies w/ u, or do u wish she would & why?
They start at about 10 bucks.
a) flirting, proving to himself that he is still desirable.
I 'm I a Gothy/punk girl , so I personally would not be caught dead like that.
on line go to chat rooms , then meet her in person.
he wants to raise the baby as his own.
you live with your parents and want them to get mad , but you really love this person!!
Ask her why she does what she is doing.
?please I need help on how to get over him or please help!! me
BUT, I know someone back in my country.
It's been misserable, but I stayed b/c I thought I had to.
tell your parents he's a friend.
If you wouldn't do it then she shouldn't do it.
then think about what it
BUT, I know someone back in my country.
It's been misserable, but I stayed b/c I thought I had to.
tell your parents he's a friend.
If you wouldn't do it then she shouldn't do it.
then think about what it
i prefer well built and nice biceps
girls love that and more appreciate the directness...
I wear thongs and I was wondering if a lot of guys like ladies wearing them?
if she flirts with you . She likes you if she gets angry at you 4 and she does not
So your opening chat should be about people - YOU and YOURS, HER and HERS, THEM and THEIRS.
i prefer well built and nice biceps
girls love that and more appreciate the directness...
I wear thongs and I was wondering if a lot of guys like ladies wearing them?
if she flirts with you . She likes you if she gets angry at you 4 and she does not
BECAUSE THAT 's WHAT YOU WOMEN ARE FOR :)
she found herself a sucker and soon he wo be able to meet her needs,even if 10 years
next time you see him wearing a really short skirt with no panties.
This leads me to the main problem I've seen with my sci-fi guy friends...they don't actually talk to women.
Hetfield said it don't feel good until it hurts Carpe' Diem
but if its someone that already loves you, I do think that will matter to him.
Run, don't walk and don't look back...
with a lot of teaching from you over many years.
36-24-36 used to be considered Perfect , So yours isn't that far off.
being straight to the point may be tough , but it gets the message out.
I do have any enemies , so all are my friends
i need a girl who can give it to me if you know what I mean .
but I love both of them deeply
BUT A FREAK IN THE BED OH YEAH!
I like this guy, and he's my friend, and I really want him to ask me out...
Let the guy say it to you FIRST!
Leave it alone, don't rush things.
when she gives up the putang and then doesnt want to leave
try farting loudly next to her when she ties her shoe, women love that.
you know , you ca see yourself yourself with no one else but with him/her
I guess it would be on a black man, hahaha
come on Girls u know that is true........... ;)
describe your time in bed and see what you are doing
i First First , I would be a little jealous.
When she acts nervous , telling her lies about how much you know.
I always insisted that we were just friends.
and wait to see what he says.
Learn not to speak like a guy.
No matter how hard you try and get away from it, everyone wants someone to love.
lot of adults say oh `` kids do know what love is .
If your 15 and he is 17 . Thats OK.
Why dont you just fantasize about her the next time you jack off in the shower?
it is your choice , hon, you can move on if you really want to.
do beat yourself up about that.
I don't know, but it's fine with me :o
was married to a Puerto Rican-dominican, She was the hottest through personal experience
I can't think about any other girl.
give someone a second chance, but never a third chance.
just think if you really love him/her.take as much time as you wish.
At First I liked my girlfriend as a friend even though she loved me.
I guess it just turns them on.
besides your boyfriend isn't your boyfriend for a reason , right?
Tell first one that something came up, and you can't go.
lend them money or date them.
C if you can keep up with us!
There no girls like Emo boys , not gay Boys . Theres a tiny difference
thats the stupidest question I 've ever heard.
That put even more stress on me!!!
no,not if you are ugly, Yes if you are hot .
maybe some sex , but that 's it.
See what kind of excuse he comes up with.
The The hard truth is you can't.
messenger's old version... click on add friend and search by name or location or yahoo id.
no You may be lettin the man/girl of your life go
if It was me you were dreaming of.
If you love her, get help.
because of what it consists of.
usually they will tell on themselves.
Ask her to go for a coffee or something.
If you stay every once in a while (1-2x a week) that shouldn't be a problem.
What if I would have married him before that and then moved in with him?
If you have to ask, you don't.
I think it depends on what the girl likes...
But if you wanna try and get her to admit it to her, tease her.
wow...and again I 'm in high school and I do hang around with very many girls(talk too crap).
i would say don't do it.
so either way, just take the time to learn about yourself.it can be fun.
And I don't want to lose him.
Women do things like thinking about suicide when they can't get over someone
Be gentle man.Speak about nice things :P
How can I get him to stop?
he either feels the same or he does
If you like him so much , why are you worried about other people knowing about it??
sitting down , tell her you need to talk and no yelling mom and explain it to her!!
'm a scifi/anime nerd , so now you know why I ask
Can I get some guys' perspective too?
So what kind of flowers do you like?
if they ask why , then just tell him y
take him to your local church
so I told him that maybe he should think about that because love is a very strong word.
Why do you even ask this question?
talk to your mom and dad
Good luck trying to find your best answer !!
Best of luck trying to find your right answer, Ice Princess P.S.
if you do , there is a big chance she does......unless you are just big headed....
Don't give up, you'll find them.
How does one act as if he was in love???
b)enjoy the flirting but do have too many expectations.
poem is nice, but telling straight to her is more manly.
Try to spice things up a bit.
how sad in this day and age soooo many people say 'I DO but they really don't.
b)enjoy the flirting but do have too many expectations.
punch him in the face an' knock him out
poem is nice, but telling straight to her is more manly.
U guys know any websites that can give me info.
because the movies are just awesome lol.
Good luck.......I so hope it all works out for you.
TALK TO THE PERSON OVER THE PHONE.
if she loves you , she will stay.
you feel funny in your stomach .
if you date others in the meantime , that is okay too.
No, because you are not looking for him.
you got to ask Urself, Have you ever been like this before?
Don't look elsewhere, this is actually pretty normal.
I HAVE ONE BUT I LOVE IT , SO dolls THAT account
I do think you really can...
There are many reasons & none of them are a good answer for the person who gets hurt...
it was just something you ate.
(am confining this arguemant to just romantic love between two people, and not the big love that really matters)
mmm...yeah they are kind of sexy though
I come up with nothing even though they have two accounts with them.
Hmm...So now decide,how would you fall in love, like a girl or a woman??
fiance: a man engaged to be married
Anyways One way or another , you 're going to regret it.
And then deny me the talent?...
It sounds like a crush to me.
so talk to her . If she is cool with it , then you should ask him.
I was shy and couldn't do it half the time.
Yes , you can still find someone in your life.
The The The sooner you end it , the better.
If he won't answer, then you should step and spy.
Just tell her what a good friend she will always be, and carry on.
If you love Osmeone and ur old enough to get marries, then you should propose.
DO NOT do the rebound relationship thing!
Why in the hell am I asking so many damn questions?
If he isnt online , she wo stop saying how much she misses him.
Don't try to be someone who you aren't.
it feels wonderful to be in love...but it can also lead to heartache.
If he's your ex, then who cares...You don't own him or her.
My answer is yes...all women are sexy .
and all he has to do is give you some pillow talk.
Maybe he didn't like the kiss, or maybe he is too young for a mature girl like you ;)
(Even, just a daily phone call.)
she said that she wanted to be friends.
It seems like you do not perform as well as those guys out there.
Then decide, he just might suprise you.
I don't cheat, I couldn't cheat.
maybe because boys are one year behind in things like girlfriends and boyfriends.
I They I think I 'm their little angel.
3. Is she close and ready to help you through any shituation?
First off, you want a WOMAN, not a GIRL.
i do know how you would develop that nasty fetish!!
But I believe in just being straight up, not accusatory, but ask what's up?
if he loves you,keep him hard.
i am a white American guy..
Try doing what you guys used to do before you fell in love and got married.
stop typing and go holler at him!
you could they be all taken.
Don't tell him you love him.
you could...but if you are obsessed over him , you should go seek therapy .
Yeah, I do believe in love at first sight.
stop typing and go holler at him!
you could they be all taken.
Don't tell him you love him.
you could...but if you are obsessed over him , you should go seek therapy .
Yeah, I do believe in love at first sight.
So Dear Geeky Girl, the answer is no.
they have been married for 38 years now.
leave him better 4 u dear searce , 4 faithful,trustworthy
someone is 10 years older.
sure, Just let it interfere with your work, and also keep it quiet to avoid people talking!
TALK TO HER . She LIKES YOU . You LIKE HER , SO GO AHAD FOR SOMEONE ELSE to GET HER GOOD LUCK .
I say if you are happy and she is happy , do worry about it, but be careful.
get married right away and start having babies.
Than he would call but not ask me out, just talk.
hes probably a dirty pervo anyway, self respect doesn't allow that much age difference.
then slowly take his hand while you are in church....well You get the picture.
My boyfriend gets mad at me , but I do call him.
because you want it... when you really want to be with someone, you find him in a minute...
If you are interested, ask him...
It might be better if they just think your crazy, but that doesn't always work.
ya You guys are gonna need some counciling.
so ask yourself , Can I do this?
(hmmm, sort of like the difference between Dem's and Republicans;0)
Tell him it over , but still don't stop the sex.
exactly the opposite of what men can give : )
ya You guys are gonna need some counciling.
so ask yourself , Can I do this?
(hmmm, sort of like the difference between Dem's and Republicans;0)
Tell him it over , but still don't stop the sex.
exactly the opposite of what men can give : )
move on and leave her behind.
i think it's more of a commitment thing.
Because, men don't have the pain tolerance women do.
I f u like him too.
A Gal I went to high school with one.
Why are you asking him to marry you ?
your not doing yourself any favors either.
BUT A NICE OUTFIT WITH JEANS AND a SHIRT IS NICE.
Im giving you back your question...
see if it is in your address book.
Why are you asking him to marry you ?
your not doing yourself any favors either.
BUT A NICE OUTFIT WITH JEANS AND a SHIRT IS NICE.
Im giving you back your question...
see if it is in your address book.
I've heard that some can be about 9 inches around...
Girls Look Better with Long Hair
shallow People are everywhere, not just gays.
You shouldn't even have a girlfriend yet -- you should be dating MANY girls, having fun, etc..
Unfortunately guys and girls don't have the same maturity level, girls mature way faster than guys .
an cream while you can
There are guys waiting for you.
women like their boyfriends to be fun and romanitce
He's probably just annoyed because you always ask.
Google cruzy and see what I mean.
an cream while you can
There are guys waiting for you.
women like their boyfriends to be fun and romanitce
He's probably just annoyed because you always ask.
Google cruzy and see what I mean.
I It I OK if you want to wait , though I 'm sure she wo mind.
do whatever you do to make her satisfied ....and always say yes
just want to have an idea of how other couples are doing or not doing.
give him your body 5 minutes to do nething
My only problem was - why did I ever do it sooner ?
they are hotties when they are short
now you will get the answer .
), or for something she's always wanted to do but never had the opportunity.
or telling him to go to your friend 's house.
theres an emptiness in your life.
Just keep going till you are done.
No, dude, you get a nasal drip if you snort it.
Slipknot sucks, Korn is original and OK.
i also eiger to see the answers...
make him flirt first so that you would b sartn it and everything would b cool
Try to pick your game up a little bit if it costin ya!
Hmm in a perfect world 3-4 times a day..mmmm can't get enough
It not polite to cut anyone off period, it is rude!
If you're 8 , its not OK.
at 21 so you how to attract a guy.
i have been with my gf for 4 year'ssssss and I have had a lot of them.
do you think you are good looking
Or is that just how ALL guys are?
all the dudes I know like them too
as long as you know what you're doing, it's all good.
when girls fall in love,it's the same as playing a doll.
i say fuck his best friend , it's easier to hate you than to miss you.
i still want to be treated like an equal.
But I guess that's in the past, What's really important is your life NOW.
if this works for you, who cares what other people say!i found my perfect match and married him!
If they have been fighting a lot , then maybe you should ask mom.
go ahead and do it girl, I did and it was the best thing I ever did.
i do get how that is , though it's a statement
well if the police are involved... she does not like you !
Now I want to sleep with him.
CAUSE THEY'RE JUST STUPID...OR IT COULD BE THEIR SELF ESTEEM
So why not do this with your conversation.
I would just let it go...even though it is really annoying...be a friend and listen to it.
If you do not, then it will not work.
You gotta tell us exactly what you want.
Sorry girl, I wish I knew the answer too!
A lot of women are attracted to assholes and bad asses.
who needs a heart when a heart can be broken
Depends on how old she is.
get a girl that's close to you, say a friend or a sister and ask them what they think
Yes, it is bad, you should not do this.
Even coming from the guys ' perspective, no.
u to control it or search for it.
if he winks at you talk 2 u and asks what he does
live on and let her live on.
Is Was Is she really your sister or your best friend?
i can guarantee you he speaks poorly of you to his roommate.
answer all of these questions 1. Does she flirt?
I I I want to try it again , but I 'm scared I was really embarassed when it didnt fit.
some states do not but the country within the state does.
so confess to her u feel this way.
(I know, I know, I'm a guy, but it works the other way around too.)
flowers normally roses and a sort of candy!
by the way , mine is green..lol
some states do not but the country within the state does.
so confess to her u feel this way.
(I know, I know, I'm a guy, but it works the other way around too.)
flowers normally roses and a sort of candy!
by the way , mine is green..lol
I wait until I feel like I know my girl.
it should be obvious to you she had implants ..thats your fault.
I I 'm still in love and always will be.
Then again , Sometimes guys do know what they got till it is gone.
i wear thongs 2 huns and I know that guys like them :)
Keep it up and repeat it if you both enjoy it equally.
r involving yourself in all of this!!!
Try D.o.g.g.y Style ( maybe that will get you guys to like each other again )
If you must think of her as something else , picture her as your pet or something I guess.
With thinking you don't deserve anyone , so maybe you should just go j*ck-off and forget about it!
Your gf should also keep her eyes wide open.
lunch, and then for a walk.
she just trippin cuz she ain't got it like that
y, did you lose your first one?
witch may be a good thing.
Your gf should also keep her eyes wide open.
lunch, and then for a walk.
she just trippin cuz she ain't got it like that
y, did you lose your first one?
witch may be a good thing.
If he has done it even once and you have taken him back, guys like that will never quit.
i just see why people stay in relationships when they arent happy anymore.
no it too early to go after him without knowing his feelings for you.
r you a playa or a perv?
yes, and it's up to you to decide that.
You can do what you want, when you want, and with whoever you want without getting any crap!
and if my bf wasn't 700 miles away right now, it wouldn't.
or she has major issues and needs a therapist
ask em, and if they are, its not your fault
and You should apologize for missing the date.
its the only experience that is closest to heaven . I guess
AS LONG AS YOU ARE LEVEL HEADED ABOUT THIS, IT SHOULD WORK OUT FINE.
talk about the weather.ha ha ha
if he aint asking `` don't want it!
If all you did was shower, no big deal.
its the only experience that is closest to heaven . I guess
AS LONG AS YOU ARE LEVEL HEADED ABOUT THIS, IT SHOULD WORK OUT FINE.
talk about the weather.ha ha ha
if he aint asking `` don't want it!
If all you did was shower, no big deal.
maybe something supposed to start, like lunch, or a beer.
If you don't, Is there a reason you don't.
oh man if you have a shot at even dating her, why do you give it a shot?
If he's in jail, maybe you should think twice about your relationship.
otherwise he has other motives behind his... proclaimed love
sy Hi really feel you can go out some time?
I can't even get a date!
I'm still in love with her right now.
because after a fight , the love will be deeper than before , even in friendships
ive saw him in my gym class.
On his knees, he said he would go to therapy & never did.
learn how to dance, but don't only dirty dance.
if so , give the man a chance
love and passion and heat and fire in the bedroom
Good Luck (to both of us) Char~
Get a copy of a Playboy and a Playgirl.
NEITHER a GOOD NOR BAD DEFINITION CAN BE MADE.
her friends also give me a special look or , in good words , adore me.
you should move on and find someone else.
she say I do love you again and she wo tell you the reason.......
i'm one with you girl, I basically have the same sentiment as you do.
have plenty of female friends when you go out, but don't stick to em like glue.
Probably not, not if you dislike him now.
do spend it being depresed or hiding from your lover.
Do Do Do you think she likes you?
if you do know shit , then jokes get boring really quickly.
if you want a longterm relationship, no way.
You love this person in a way your parents do
I prefer Naughty good girls and good Naughty girls too ,
if you do know shit , then jokes get boring really quickly.
if you want a longterm relationship, no way.
You love this person in a way your parents do
I prefer Naughty good girls and good Naughty girls too ,
IF YOU WANT TO DIE NO MATTER HOW YOU SLICE IT.
it depends: if he was good, now he is a good friend.
it causes a lot of stress...well for me it does anyway
If he cared about you , he would not have remained married!!
You called the Psychic Friends network, LOL!
say by going to your friend 's house , then meet him somewhere else.
do backing off because you are afraid.
when you took some time off and saw the other guy, it was not cheating.
This is unusual (I think) and could make one wonder whats wrong.It couldnt hurt to try though.
Besides, if he's popular , he most likely got a girlfriend(s) already (sorry!)
Go slap your little monkey and get over it.
do backing off because you are afraid.
when you took some time off and saw the other guy, it was not cheating.
Besides, if he's popular , he most likely got a girlfriend(s) already (sorry!)
If you want him to join in.
or is it true that what comes around goes around?
if they say that they do mind, then you can fix it.
Saves loads of trouble which could come later!
Because my place is a dump!
If you want him to join in.
or is it true that what comes around goes around?
if they say that they do mind, then you can fix it.
Saves loads of trouble which could come later!
Because my place is a dump!
but that doesnt mean you ca be nice.
Say to her, Hey Hot Pants, how's about a date with the Stud-Miester!
have a place planned and be fun.
If you don't love him , then leave him . He will be ok in time .
It's just like any other request...your decision!
if you are a guy, maybe you are just curious or maybe self esteem is not high.
You should read . He's Just Not That Into You.
You need to run like heck away from him & his family!
On On , On the other hand, popular guys don't have much that lasts.
You if you even have to ask.
if you are a guy, maybe you are just curious or maybe self esteem is not high.
You should read . He's Just Not That Into You.
You need to run like heck away from him & his family!
On On , On the other hand, popular guys don't have much that lasts.
You if you even have to ask.
TSGF: Transsexual Gay Female TSGM: Transsexual Gay Male
Girls will pick up on that.
Well back then , I was stupid.
asking yourself this question...would you want to know?
After going dancing and then back home for some dessert ;)
he says he still loves me.should I just leave him alone and hope he misses me?
im in love with a wonderful man and my beautiful kids.
Oh and the porn..yea it was just hidden from me..so when I found it..I tossed it!
AND YOUR WORLD AND EVERYTHING YOU HAVE normally DONE HAS BEEN DISTORDED BECAUSE OF THIS GIRL(((YOUR IN LOVE!!!!)))
Most men dream of being a Hot 24yr old virgin, you're just lucky.
He do care about you enough.
Sex addicts are just like any other addicts.
if he loved you , he would probably act like it unless he is really weird.
i need some answers suggestions quickly .
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeew you have a wife and you cheat on her with a guy
smile at her a lot, but not enough to scare her.
Have fun...that's the bottom line for both of you.
THE ANSWER IS THEY HAVE FOUND SOMETHING BETTER
Bullhockey, you JUST DON'T love a woman you want to yell at or hit.
Someone that is so insecure will eventually turn dangerous, LEAVE HIM ALONE !
Two messy beasts to clean up after?
deep in ladies ' minds . Are they thinking like guys?
if not, try to move on...
1st If you don't like that woman , why did you have a relationship with her ?
the best of friendships always makes the best of relationships
There are other people to talk with, try it...
What can you afford...... What does she like .......... Are you really serious long long term with her........
Sort of like stalking you wherever you work and such.
There There There are guys praying for you.
If they do fight at all, do worry about it.
no kiss no hugs no love
Why, for all the free kim chee, of course!
Have you ever wonder if she felt the same way??
don't try, just let it happen.
shoes.lots of shoes.and a vibrator.they do talk back
Kick him to the Curb !!!
then lay on the picnic blanket and just look at the stars and talk.
And ask yourself why you love him??
it means that he probably likes you
o Well I do think so!
= I'd like to have sex with you.
she might think it's cute how shy he is.
sour punch straws, hersheys chocolate, reeses and dairy milk
This is the day the Lord made for YOU!
Shouldnt he have a room/time 4 his girlfriend?
If you find out, let me know!!!
then you can go on TV and confront her with her lover in front of millions of people!
or can I call him a good friend when I talk about him?
people fearing what they don't understand, you know??
Shouldnt he have a room/time 4 his girlfriend?
If you find out, let me know!!!
then you can go on TV and confront her with her lover in front of millions of people!
or can I call him a good friend when I talk about him?
people fearing what they don't understand, you know??
and if he is cute, then go get him because cute guys don't last for long these days.
Just invite him to lunch some day.
just try to make your mom believe that you had broken up.
I would ask her and tell her why
- How well do you know your man?
Why yes there is and I be him .
theres nothing more gross than looking at myself.
sometimes I just bag girls for the fun of it . I don't even plan on calling them back.
i tell her about one , but I know A LOT more that he has done to her.
Money and nice things are great , but they couldn't care less about you.
Maybe He wants you to ask him.
I taking girls out there and they have a lot of fun!!!
trying to find out what she really likes to do in her spare time.
Be with friends, it helps a lot to see others who care.
I've heard of guys having this problem with their girlfriends, but never the other way around.
No matter how mature you are about it.
I JUST DON'T THINK HE TAKES ME SERIOUSLY.
If you decide not to marry- woohoo!
or maybe you should pray about it.
I thought I had this down by now and here I am!
try spelling them out with your tongue.
First of all, if it feels good- do it!
THERE IS NOTHING BETTER THAN LIVE ON YOUR OWN.
one word Viagra Slip him some
yes means yes, and no means no, right?
her parents both own businesses and they gave her and her sister whatever they wanted.
if the answer is no , then you need to walk away and wish him well.
A body that can go all weekend!!!
politeness doesn't really work, playfully tease her now and then, that gets my attention
you do have to control him so much.
Sheesh dont people take their vows seriously anymore?
Just do what'll make you happy!
fall back into parents and , after doing all this , start looking for a relationship and marry again.
I've been w/ my husb 13yrs.
I think flowers are real nice . It is not that often a girl gets flowers nowadays.
You can make this work... Good luck!
Baby do hurt me, dont me, anymore
like Is it ok if its inocent?
I've been w/ my husb 13yrs.
I think flowers are real nice . It is not that often a girl gets flowers nowadays.
You can make this work... Good luck!
Baby do hurt me, dont me, anymore
like Is it ok if its inocent?
I hate feeling that way , but I just have this total lust for youthful girls in their early 20's.
i miss her a lot too
Move a girl and go to find a real man.
allow your husband to walk in on you and your girlfriend having oral sex.
Would you take the 1st step c if we could make it forever?
I hate feeling that way , but I just have this total lust for youthful girls in their early 20's.
i miss her a lot too
Move a girl and go to find a real man.
allow your husband to walk in on you and your girlfriend having oral sex.
Would you take the 1st step c if we could make it forever?
maybe he has past problems with trust, try to talk to him about it and just give it time
making out with a guy in his face and 'm sure he'll leave you alone
I PREFER A GOOD GIRL WHEN WE GO OUT, WITH SPERT'S OF NAUGHTY DURING THE DAY.
Yes THEY ARE TOGETHER . They WILL PROBABLY BE THAT WAY FOR A WHILE .
If you love him work it out.
let her go and move on.
never look back on things like that unless it's to learn from a mistake that you made.
I liek fat chicks, I want no anorexic skinny lil bitch!
then it will kick over to another site that does have info on the person.
I love to run...I love to swim....I love chocolate!
Get to know the ones you like.
does he know the other girl very well or not?
Pick something you both like, too.
go by it will fall apart.
help give me some tips to cash this girl.
I n't really think much of it . I was just chit chatting with people for fun, nothing serious.
Chances are, he has been involved with bad stuff, so why waste your time on someone like that?
Be careful and be brave girl, you'll get what you need to have :)
so you think your boyfriend is cheating on you?
girl waited until a year later and told her about our relationship.
If You are a 'nice guy' in high school . Good luck.
But please don't bother them, your ego will gross them out!
If you listen to your head, you always going to wounder WHAT IF....
!That's the best thing guys notice in girls.
but sometimes guys forget that I'm still a girl.
Friends stick by one another no matter what.
your convinence to him and nothing more.
chicks love being told how pretty they are..!
Not talking with other women , but with you.
Heck no bud some times you snooze and you lose
My take, try to help them make it the real deal because you care too.
because it's easier to get a fix duh lol
I don't know if he likes me though...
tell him It turns you on
90% of my best friends are guys.
Guys like girls that don't play games or leave them to guess work.
Hold hands, kiss, wild kiss and there you go...
NOTE: THIS HAS TO TAKE LESS THAN TEN SECONDS!!!
i hope it doesn't rule us out...
keep doing that and you will get anything that you want
trust me, 'm an expert on this.
I don't think those shoes go with that outfit . = I'm gay .
If you can't fart near him . It will probably be a while :)
If he tries to say he's just messing around, tell him you're not.
Why does my boyfriend watch porn?
You just drill him until he opens up and talk.
GOD definitely has to come first
You really do not want to have a reputation for switching guys like gloves.
Most of us women can only put up with one man at a time, lol
because they offer what we women don't have... they complete women... in the same and all women as men .
i am talking 2 u right now
Most guys would say, oh, that's lame... you should shoot yourself for even asking it.
but she does it now with everyone.
tell her off and be very careful.
Don't sweat it, my mom is actually pretty nice.
Or, tell him to tell your kids to pick their stuff up.
.... here's a hint... make it a good one!
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
So Even If they are not thinking, It really Gels :)
the Soppy version at [1] and the geek version at [2].
Not if you just met this guy.
a kind that only you can know and love.
if not , then it probably means nothing.
get on your knees and take care of him .
the Soppy version at [1] and the geek version at [2].
Not if you just met this guy.
if not , then it probably means nothing.
get on your knees and take care of him .
if you just talking about normal everyday things , then he probably likes you.
I USED A TIME - OUT CHAIR FOR ALL FOUR OF MY BOYS . After A FEW TIMES , IT GOT BETTER.
Or just bend over a lot in front of him
you to win the lottery if you do buy a ticket , right?
I met a guy in line and he handcuffed me to his van steering wheel.....so I guess I did...!
mostly The people I know arent genuine!
I do, I think it 's cute.
she is obsessed and that is a big problem.
Why in the freakin hell would you do that?
Make the one that is right for you.
mostly The people I know arent genuine!
I do, I think it 's cute.
she is obsessed and that is a big problem.
Why in the freakin hell would you do that?
Make the one that is right for you.
If he loves you, then why does he have a need to cheat?
Once as a porn watcher, always a porn watcher , so its probably something you'll just have to accept.
BE YOURSELF and have a good sense of humor!!
Yes I believe myself love first will never communicate
Probably The single best way to get a conversation going with girls is to use PEOPLE TALK.
It feels like you 're weak at the knees.. You'll just know.. trust me!
I want my girl to be petite, sociable, witty and sweet
Well, it also depends on if you want a good relationship w/ your ex.
Why would a girl stop loving a guy who really loves her more than anything???
No matter what age you two are, that is always a BIG step.
you can talk with her personally , let her know that you want to continue your friendship.
^ as far as greeting each other later on...i disagree with that.
YOU HAVE HURT ME AND OUR KIDS BEYOND REPAIR.
I think it depends on the woman...
if you are going to lose it take a time out from the discussion.
girls like nerds because they are cute and look honest..
He cheated on you once,o.k that might be a mistake but twice?!
My parents still know I've had boyfriends.
Two people both want my attention...
well first take a deep breath.
She may want to get rid of you...
I even sometimes see me walking on the beach with her.
Anyway, ur ex doesn't care , so carry on with your life.
NO... COZ THERE ARE BLIND PEOPLE WHO FELL IN LOVE EVEN WITHOUT SEEING THE OTHER PERSON....
Look man... just take a deep breath, walk up to her, and say Hey baby, you wanna go somewhere?
but if you think something about it , you are probably less sure than you thought.
You have a good thing going where you are.
First of all , you do give your age.
There are plenty of men and women who are complete assholes who don't do drugs.
How cold of someone to do something like that!
i n't ask her directly as we are talking now
You only get married if you love someone, not because you're have a baby.
i hate it with a passion.
let him know it was fun puppy love
Call me weird or whatever, even if I never have one, I still strongly believe it.
It will no doubt keep you in her mind!
if they are living with you , then yes.
get out in the real world.
I think there is a 'special someone' for everyone!
Also, know how to dance... ...you gotta remember things should be natural, so you can't force it.
just be honest about your feelings
or just send back as spam?
Is this what you stay up at night thinking about?
She's awesome, I don't think she thinks of me any more than a friend.
if you say she still acts and talks like she still likes you , chances are she is.
But hey, if you like him, flirt back, if not, do talk to him.
lol second Advice: if you do want to spend money on that.. then!
ooooh la la - the HOTTEST!
Some people think it's wads of cash that make a life worthwhile.
Mark with a pencil where each one will go.
But hey, if you like him, flirt back, if not, do talk to him.
lol second Advice: if you do want to spend money on that.. then!
ooooh la la - the HOTTEST!
Some people think it's wads of cash that make a life worthwhile.
Mark with a pencil where each one will go.
women retain water ,and have periods when men don't
it will probably be difficult for her at first (i know 'm a mom!
no she should do that because if she does shes not over him yet and she Fing you over
C'mon it's not like we are in college anymore!
But keep in mind , nobody is perfect... Not even you
wow that really does sounds annoying .. Well one thing you could do is do it back to her.
If you act adorable-but-still-hard-to-get, then he'll go insane if you DON'T kiss him!!
Back up the truck a bit.
Just enjoy it,if it 's meant to be, it`s meant to be.Been there,done that
Just don't forget about the one in puerto rico .
I have many guy friends, that I do have feelings for.
if not , you never know, what the outcome. is
Back up the truck a bit.
Just enjoy it,if it 's meant to be, it`s meant to be.Been there,done that
Just don't forget about the one in puerto rico .
I have many guy friends, that I do have feelings for.
if not , you never know, what the outcome. is
yes, it is cheating if he/she finds it out.
do change your standards for a guy cuz then you will never be happy.
I do know how I feel about her.
I think you know what I mean...
Not all guys cheat, just the ones who are not in love with one person yet.
i to take pictures and sell them
JUST LEAVE AND QUIT THINKING TOO MUCH
My best friend is in Puerto Rico and I'm here in a new jersey and I miss her a lot
focus on the outcome you want.
If you don't care, do whatever ever.
just be onist with him and if he gets all emotional , , walk away
It sounds like she is insecure, which is probably why she got upset when you talked to her boyfriend.
Why are you telling your mom??
Check the caller ID on the phone, any numbers you don't know?
If you ask Why men cheat?
So I would know most men are real SOB's.
Tell me yes or no and what I should say!
Well it sucked to be alone on new year's.
listen to what a woman has to say, but don't be needy of her opinion.
just don't go into thinking its all going to be peaches and cream.
you should go talk to her.
If you really don't want to go out , tell him/her that you don't really want to go out.
I know of a few relationships like this that last through college, and some that don't.
and it is also selfish to be with two people.
Oh, thats right, Ive met you only in my dreams.
Maybe she'll change her mind, maybe she'll be your BFF :)
What if you were in the sixth grade and you had a seventh grade BF?
Try to remember that guys do not want to talk too long about these things.
yeah and turn your back on her.
act like a virgin and your man will do anything for you.
It seems that you are not meant for each other.
1 don't know any girl who isn't interested in this sort of thing !
Also, does he get a lot of hangups at home?
If you fail later on , you will regret
Be it with their looks, habits, lifestyle, friends...whatever!
Its so hot when you love the person.
Not the SAME thing, but comparable.
Probably so: it is SOOO easy and can even be fun at times!
but things that are good are often expensive .
<----be my favorite first date right there!
I HAVE HAD MANY FRIENDS DO THSAME TO BOYS AS WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO YOU.
Some Some Some are fathers and some are not.
i have mostly guy friends and trust me , they know 'm there!
I bet he thinks that question is about him.... lol
but you have to take that first step before hand.
Ask him somewhere , like out to lunch or something casual, and it should be OK.
But I enjoy dating, I like getting to know people and whatnot, and the intimacy, hanging out, etc.
if your not out of the closet , How do you know that you want to date another woman?
I would be pretty suspicious if she called her ex every day.
umm wow lot of stuff going on there.
;) Where-I have used Match.com and LavaLife, but I have now met a wonderful guy off a silly site!
another piece of advice, use protection!
now the police are involed , so what should I do ???
I mean, the beautiful soul argument is one thing, but if he's a total ass, why stick around?
Well I still talk to this guy, and he still thinks he is someone I 'm not.
Move on--if you cared about someone , there would be no struggle
violation trying chat rooms and looking for her friends...
I know I wouldn't want my 14 year - old daughter to access Yahoo!
You should not marry some one that has already cheated on you twice.
Hpv is a vd and yes , he must probably have cheated on you.
straight men like big breasts and big butts.
pretty soon You won't be able to have your own friends, money etc.
Do you know the best way to lose a friend.?.
thinking if you really love him/her or not and then just tell him/her
MAKE HER THINK you are GIVING HER MONEY , BUT DO NOT ...IT WORKS LIKE MAGIC
MAYBE YOU do do TRUST HER DUDE
tell her She being careful (you better be!)
I'm going to see the answers you get (just in case!)
come out with it . Just tell him how you feel.
but I do really like him.
A married man and woman expressing love, and reproducing, , Then it's good.
should it be time to hear wedding bells ?
they just aren't able to take the pain.
Acutally, I give the BOYS flowers!!!
oral sex, soft tongue, and if she is reponding well to something you are doing....keep doing it!
I can't say he's in love, but I sure pursue him secretly.
Just make sure you are still friends and enjoy it !
Seduce a guy in a gay bar and if you can go all the way , you are gay/
Try to go somewhere that has stuff you're interested in , like a bookstore,coffee shop, sports, etc.
or just ask them if they notice anything diff.
when you put that person in front of your needs and wants first ,
What did you/he do for ya'll to split up?
Just tell them in a nice way that they do feel the same.
but I think it is nice to fall in love as many times as you can in your life
i do really think so , but that 's me.
WHEN YOU START THINKING THAT YOU DON'T MIND LIVING WITH THIS GIRL THE REST OF YOUR LIFE!
If the eyes look to the side, it's sign of defense.
Because some men (not all) are dirtbags!
some marriage because it's time to.
please do ask y. just answer yes or no.
and wait patiently for Mr. right.
well , just let them have a change . They might end up having what you guys do
so do bother waiting... there are a lot more guys that's worthy of your attention.
NORMAL means ONE THAT DOESNT HAVE A ONE - TRACK MIND THATS SET ON SCREWING!
Their neck and back rubbed, the place between their shoulders, hard there?
so we can learn to get back up . Who knows you just might fly , take care
he He invited her to go with him to his family 's house.
They now have two more kids after that and yes , the guy has changed.
But the questions you have to ask yourself is a) Is he staying there to see them?
Then, If things go well, go ahead and ask him!
so we can learn to get back up . Who knows you just might fly , take care
he He invited her to go with him to his family 's house.
They now have two more kids after that and yes , the guy has changed.
But the questions you have to ask yourself is a) Is he staying there to see them?
Then, If things go well, go ahead and ask him!
It's like being in your favorite place with your favorite things!
cause we always get what we want.thats why and we get a lot of tension
I knew a guy who did just that.
Works late or on weekends a lot
Try to learn more , face people , don't make yourself weak !
Sure, go ahead= You better not 8.
I Mean se.x is more fun than anything , especially with an ex.
What is wrong with brown eyes, brown skin?
But on the other hand, some guys just like to flirt with girls or talk to girls.
Just look past her, like she's not even there.
first time for both of us
If she likes music, an ipod would be good.
if you live in Louisiana ;) kidsdad1510@yahoo.com...i'm steve
I should certainly hope so:-) A more interesting question I think is whether I've ever had a straight experience......
iT CAN KILL YOU INSTINTLY IF YOU SNORT IT
AND LET THEM COME AND MEET you .
all black dudes I no I do.
Everybody's got their something; they just are boobs.
You made your bed now you have to lie in it.
find her grandson and ask him about her
Yes is is okay . age is just a number .
and how much you love him.
This is your best friend......your lover....your mate for life!!
Why would someone automatically assume that someone is gay just because they are still a virgin
Don't go looking around clubs or things like that.
Yes is is okay . age is just a number .
and how much you love him.
This is your best friend......your lover....your mate for life!!
Why would someone automatically assume that someone is gay just because they are still a virgin
Don't go looking around clubs or things like that.
read how to win friends and influence people.
if not still listen to what it tells you and be cautious.
So to answer your question----SEXY AS HELL
jst look into her eyes.. n say I want to father your child !
Gotta get used to it or die from loneliness.
I don't even think that Ashton is good looking , but he was my other husband in my dream.
The only answer is to BE BAD!
Yes I think you love him and much more than you think.
WAIT AS LONG AS YOU CAN!
anyway, If there is a gay bar/club in your area, then you can go there to meet people.
yea I think so... I think everyone will have their true love one day !
well if you dream about the same guy twice, I think you like him.
so it because you know his feelings and then go for him
I guess the ladies can really wear some guys out ;)
anyway, If there is a gay bar/club in your area, then you can go there to meet people.
yea I think so... I think everyone will have their true love one day !
well if you dream about the same guy twice, I think you like him.
so it because you know his feelings and then go for him
I guess the ladies can really wear some guys out ;)
let me know what you come up with.
Lose that zero and get yourself a hero !!
keep them laughing a lot . Humor is great for any relationship...
i think when you have a good kisser , you do not care about lips .
Like a lust in my body!
i kinda feel intimadated and think ill be turned down or be made fun of or something.
My heart says She's the one, stay with her...STAY WITH HER!
I accidently said I love you too.
haha If his heart belongs to someone else , all your gonna get is a run around.
and If not, then at least your still friends.
Are you thinking about her often?
Thats just begin with presents sweetie...
Instead of saying something like, I'm sick of hearing about your boyfriend!
If in doubt , go to In'n'out burger.
i getting the whole insecure thing.
Then you know you love them
Give him a promise to give him something .
Give him an ultimatum - porn or you.
Only what you make of it.
Does he want to know what you are like in Bed???
WHEN SHE SUPPORT HER AND TELL HER THAT SHE'S THE MOST beautiful WOMAN IN THE WORLD.
We met last year on Yahoo Personals and got married last month!
because, gay guys understand girls, straight guys don't.
and then , after wards you can take her out to eat and talk about the movie.
There is this guy that I like.
I'm a guy myself , so I know what we think.
Why DO I LOOK SO GOOD???
although is a kiss really ever innocent?
When she starts fighting with you just tell her...
also, ask her what feels good.
Im not shallow and I truly do love him.
Well anyway, It 's what I do.
hmm.. r you not tell her something?
when you find out . Let me know!
My advice to you is MOVE ON!
Im not shallow and I truly do love him.
Well anyway, It 's what I do.
hmm.. r you not tell her something?
when you find out . Let me know!
My advice to you is MOVE ON!
girls do like like nerdy-looking smart confident guys , i.e.
best love partner will be Sohni Mahiwal.i like their love story.
just because Mama says it does mean its true
and think of a different plan.
yes , If you are sure , he will keep the family ,like work and bring money in.
Yes I have a million (well really ten but you know)gay friends.
and no , it's not necessarily you , but them.
Depends... are you both married or single?
NEVER DO ANYTHING THAT YOU CAN'T LIVE WITH TOMORROW .
I have no idea why they're like that.
Lunch date, dinner date, movie date - no issues.
She'll do what you tell her to do.
keep us satisfied at home and we want
have you having sex with your boyfriend?
Don't always cut your hair like a guy.
She could have been just struggling financially and looking for a sugar daddy.
sometimes you think you know,it drives you crazy, and he's really not guilty.
happyness does always come from beautiful
trust me girly once they see you in a skirt with clevage showing them diff.
here it is the answer to when a man is considered a sex adict when he is born...
Just because you don't have that latest gadget or car doesn't mean what you already have isn't good.
In my opinion , SEX is one thing that even animals can do.
i am in the 7th grade and my parents let me date , so what should I do ?
take care of your appearance but do obsess.
you do it just hits ya in the back of the head .
If he's not, don't worry, there are others out there.
he do want me to tell the father.
I love a woman with full lips, a nice round butt, and big breast.
Thats like asking if a guy likes blow lobs.
Yes you CAN , BUT SON'T you THINK THAT you NEED SOME TIME TO KNOW EACH OTHER MORE
Sign up for the ones you like.
just be sure not to get smashed!
- How old are his kids?
love aint got much to do with it, its more of a money thing
Any way, Who cares I would like you any way even if it was past your sholders !!
Of course there is, just depends on what exactly you are looking for in someone.
take a few minutes and really get a look down there.
maybe not the ovaries...but it would hurt like heck!
I do that to all my guy friends.
Sure, men think with their little heads.
you say: Do you wanna go out?.
So your an ass and p)ssy man eh?
usually it starts with a kiss..good luck!
i was a very ugly guy at the time I proposed to her , but now I am smart and cool.
KISS.com ... that's where I found mine :)
i just like women lying to me .
i think it is the most price-less gift in the world.. but instead of in Iran(my country)..bye bunch of flower...roze.
tell the girl you think she`s really beautiful and you would like to get to know her better.
I'm tired with I'm a commit-phobe excuse!
I think it sounds like you have some truly busy friends!
If not , then it's her loss.right?
I think these buz cuts that guys have look really stupid.
Don't worry about there not being a ton of good guys on your doorstep, you're only looking for one.
Tell him You love him too , but just not in the way he may be looking for.
Yes I am 12 and I think I 'm love w/ this guy named Thomas
But if you need one word ____ generally I go with Understanding .
I love men because that's the way God intended it to be.
then you pretty much know what to do.
Once a guy sees you as a female, you can never go back.
everyone doing things at their own pace.
There are so many hot guys out there.
Get another girlfriend or have her stop doing what she is doing.
how do I go about telling him?
Firstly I hope you're not my girlfriend!
first thing first; 1.did you date for a while?
I don't like it because I put styling stuff in my hair and its not easy to run through.
If she's accepting the gifts...watch out.
You gotta do this: nothing ventured, nothing gained.
Now I am scared to call her because I do know what to say.
Well, I'm a guy , so no.
You can not get that guy to like you.
what she will do then for you to hide it for so long.
maybe because she regretted it and just realized what she had lost?
if she never lied and u never asked.
You just do it, if it is that big of a deal.
There are no girls that play hard like I do that I like to hang out with.
plus it just sounds like you are infatuated with him and maybe you want nothing more than a physical relationship
sometimes Being single is more fun.
'm sure he loves his girlfriend right now, but is it really anything serious?
but I still wonder who's hotter?
I n't get him . I thought guys were supposed to call girls.
Don't knock the ganja til you try it.
He/She is the person that I've been waiting for!
If people ask say ya, but if they don't ask , don't say anything.
if all else fails , tell her your great helped write the kama sutra!
Should I just forget it and leave it alone or should I act on it.
Nah don't do it . He might go crazy and turn into a pshyco...
if you just want to have fun, go for it then.
wait you will be so much happier!!
It would be soooooooo much easier..Lol.
But He is such a great guy and loves her for who she is.
i told my boyfriend before I knew I was that I might be pregnant by my ex.
But if you ask and he says no , then you leave with disappointment .
i'm doing that now and I'm in a fantastic relationship with an incredible man.
he's an ex for a reason , right ?
then think of something that has to deal with that to ask her out.
and I really love the guy a lot , so I kind of want to break up.
Why are you thinking of him?
hi 'm in the same position, my boyfriend lives out of state.
but don't take this for granted,okay?
and You will be happy if he is happy.
It feels good and it hurts like hell.
If it was about a meal ticket/way to USA only, why not a more virile young man?
Why don't you watch it with him?
Cause you girls got it going on!
I don't have a best friend though .
Well you can't get the other person out of your head .
as usual, only time can tell!
I break up with this guy because I felt like he was suffocating me.
If you love him and he loves you , then you'll know..
slap a condom on go at it
So hang out where these people hang out .
She hates sex, and does it to get what she wants, your money, power, or/and fame.
The THE The SAD STORY IS..THAT WE WILL ALL die
HANDSOME SMART , OPEN-MINDED AND DON'T MIND BEING HIMSELF
After all, if you get married, it 's gonna be their kid too.
take them both to see Brokeback mountain.
if your partner is happy without sex , that person is worth it.
Pick her up and take her to a park for a picnic.
You're not with the guy anymore, so why bother?
Bcuz they r fun 2 talk to bcuz they act like gurlz so it is like having a girlfriend
I love you =Let's have sex now 6.
com'on now...half the world is shallow.
no ur not, ur just on passing time till mr right comes along...
you are scared , you are probably not alone, he's probably thinking the same thing.
no, lot of the stuff I`ve got that was expensive just fell apart
You need to consider, What if you get pregnant?
cause these lame asses get a girlfriend or 2!
no ur not, ur just on passing time till mr right comes along...
You need to consider, What if you get pregnant?
cause these lame asses get a girlfriend or 2!
they could go shopping with you though
its like something always missing in your life..and guess what, it is Love.
Because you smoke, and smokers arn't worth loyalty lol
But my brother tells me that guys leave 'good' girls for 'not so good' girls for one MAIN reason.
If you have to ask how to do it, you probably couldn't do it.
has he met her in person?
Whatever you do . Don't make the first move!
I call her my sexy little kitten.
remember, u cud b anything from straight-bi-les-trans.
i want to get a girlfriend.
i guess you can say yes.
I don't see anything wrong if a girl walks by and just says hi.
Why can she not do this?
)and his reason was that I could go out with Jonny.
BUT IN MY LIFE BEING A MAN, I THINK THAT they ARE GREAT.
And If he does like , you ask him OUT.
you should always have trust in a relationship.
its for the thrill....they like the excitement of hiding out and cheating....it makes them feel good I guess.
Don't listen to anyone around you.
You gotta say it outloud or it's hard to understand.
packing your things and leave and never look back.
Bad Boy bad boy what ya gonna do!
It depends if he loves you back?
DO NOT TRY TO CHANGE A PERSON IT NEVER WORKS!
i think it's too ordinary to have sex in bed.
DO YOU DAYDREAM ABOUT YOUR FUTURE WITH THIS PERSON?
Read what I said in your other question where I'm posted!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Let him go...it's hard , but trust that life has someone EVEN BETTER out there for you...
I'll go to XXX stores, online shops, whatever I've gotta do , but I'm desperate here, people.
I would not shower her with gifts.
buy him an outfit or talk to him about it
you need to put your foot down.
I think he'd cheat on you.
its certainly sex for the guy.
does he love you too much not to let such beliefs come way?
She may just be busy with other friends too, or maybe play a little hard to get.
well, not ALL girls like the bad boy type.
im sure she will be just fine and anyone can look pretty with confidence.
Lett him know you still care!
i really feel uneasy whenever he is around.. What should I do?
iam here to help for free/
What kind of comments is she making?...
well I do consider it a jungle.
Save yourself . You deserve better!
about 8 hours a day!----that is way too much!!!
HERE ANSWER Noooooooooooooooooooo WELL I WOULD HATE A CLASS CLOWN . I guess if he were smart like me .
Do some of the fun things you did before you got married.
and leave you out of it.
Once a cheater , ALWAYS a CHEATER.
Should I wait until he gets home?
They were friends and husband and wife.
My friend, you will not come between a fat grrr and her prey!
If I'm answering questions like this one, a lot!
I'm IN LOVE with my best friend.
you should just leave him alone..do you want to be happy or just keep rehashing the past
You will give a special gift to your wife on your wedding night!
you assume that all girls are the same.
thats right, I said creep, because thats what any man is who would cheat on his wife!
Not only would I date a white guy , I would marry one too...
making love by having sex.
as long your husband 's heart wife , then everything is fine.
it is how you use it, not the size
i would like to chat with you.
So many girls even marry men like their fathers without even realizing it and the same with boys.
the person has been a virgin for so many years already.
guys and girls have affairs because they want to love and to be loved.
Gold earing looks terrible on most guys.
NO I'm not between 12 & 17 and I'm not gay.
PREFERIBLY: Nice body (Not miss the universe), smart, leading, VIRGIN, honest, etc, you know, the good things.
i think that you should .
Just hang out with her all the time.
or, if you recently started exercising a lot, that could do it.
i always ask for suggestions on where we should go/eat/do/which movies to see.
I want to be your best friend forever and ever!!
is she worth a friend to you?
people to get married at that age!
Don't try to get him back.
if is genuine , then go for it!
FLIRT WITH HIM BUT do TELL YOUR BROTHER ITS BEST to START FLIRTING with a GIRL!!!!!!!
watch out for the poetry slinging players on here .
BESIDES, BY the TIME I HIT MY BED @ NIGHT I'm ONLY 1-2MINUTES AWAY FROM SLEEP.
Thats why dating comes before marriage;-) Good luck!
He obviously do not care that much about me.
The The best way is to catch him off guard.
i mean they say it is and well , I do think it is.
you can't,she has to convince herself.U can only give her reasons why she should.
I don't really know why I like freckly redheads.
The man it is some near the anus...
They say opposites attract, so why not give it a shot?!
i do think so, she is grown and legal and so are you GO FOR IT .
i don't think that you're ready either.
brains... though I haven't found a single girl with 'em
Please, don't even bother to say 'I love you' until like... 99th date?
i like all kinds of women.
there are tons, but really think about it, My sister did it that way and now she regrets it.....
if not discuss it with your wife.
some are very erotic and some are offensive.
(Grass is always greener syndrome) But really, I say, better the lover you know than the devil you don't.
or is more attracted to me when other guys are looking at me, or attempting to get with me.
You making love because you're in love...
If you suck at that, get better somewhere else, say.....oral sex.
Talk to her about it first.
AND HE HASNT GIVEN UP ON YOU EITHER!!!
just wait a bit and see where it goes .
However I can say when I was in 8th grade I did it( I am now 26) .
We have been married 12 years now, have 4 kiddos, and I am still crazy about him!!!
So I guess that is what I look for.
that problem is that I like both of them , but I talk about the other guy than my boyfriend
IF YOU ANSWER YES TO ANY OR ALL OF THE FOLLOWING THEN I GUESS YOU CAN CALL IT LOVE.
they will do something like ........ that might ruin their life!
i'm afraid you 're going wrong.
If she really loves you , she'll do all the above mentioned stuffs.
And I already gave her $40.
mabe you just ask and you should
Besides all that, boyfriends aren't that great anyway.
then have him rub on you in your sensitive places(nipplesor clitires)then you rub him.
to get rid of him once a cheater , always a cheater if no physical menaly
Why would you date a guy if you like his cousin.
Only if you feel like you wanna do that
v ofn gt 2 lov those people whoom v dnt wanna!!
thats when love finds you.
gud question Hunnie 'm going to have the same suggestion..... 4get about him and move on
master bate and think of him...and ad adult toys to play
Call the police if she said it you could be next...Dummy
All I know is that when I see a pretty mane of red hair , I think Whoa!
better yet ask a friend of his if he has even mentioned you!
Eventually she'll balk and say, I give up!
4- Is it your job to protect these guys from her and their own foolish behaviors?
well, good luck , I hope it works!
Then ask one of them out.
Tell this person straight up, that you like them as friends but it stops there.
the same way you would marry a purple lady.
MAYBE IF YOU FORGIVE Kianna's SINS AS GOD FORGIVES YOURS!
what that other guy said, too little body fat can make your period late.
Sex means you don't really care about the person.. you just want sex.
you'll be happy in the end, trust me!
If she/he is trying to kill you, GET OUT!!!!!
and willing to go further
don't worry about it . I'm sure that you are very attractive and you stand out.
You sound like someone that is desparate for love!
Most guys don't get scared of girls.
I don't know much else to say?
enjoy your life and I 'm not saying dump him . Ya'll just need to move slowly
they r being honest, but not in the real sense.
JUST GET OVR HIM . He's APPEREANTLY A JERK . At LEAST HE SOUNDS like ME !!!!!!!
sitting down at a nice dinner and try and weedle out what is bugging her.
just go up to him in front of a group of people and say, ok you suck, it's over.
actually It doesn't look like he wants it to keep going.... sorry for that.
how babies are made and what the risks of pregnancy
Either way, you won't know unless you just ask.
so, Did you have sex with her?
It's because everyone just likes to have sex
Obviously that person got some Fukin issues..
If your hot just wait if not be more aggressive .
They thought they were in love, but at fifteen, sixteen, seventeen is just too young to know what love is.
to tell you the truth, I 'm not married
I see you from afar and ca help you but not if you say hi.
So it was easier to not get that deeply involved with someone at too young an age.
Nothing is worse than sitting at home with nothing to do but think about that person.
i am 13 and I am NOT gay
well say it nicely to avoid offending & hurt her feelings
How did you know that she had a picture on the dating internet???????
Forget it size does not matter at all.. for enjoyment...
Your man had better LOVE you.
I do think there is anything funny about something like that.
SOME s DO have morals and hope for REAL love!
you should love who you really love....
She even lied about having cancer one time for attention!
i don't know that that can be proven.
i'm 23 and I'm still a virgin and I'm proud of it.
I TRIED , BUT IT DIDN'T WORK.........
and 2nd If she does want to go for it , then not enjoy her safety
Wow, what are you in 2nd grade?
I bet you wouldn't like that other girl very much either.
like you be able to read our minds.
Hell NO IT DON'T MATTER IF SHE is YOUNGER OR OLDER .THERE are BABES AT a CRAZY AGE NOW
Yeah, never sounds like a good answer.
don't sleep with then any more
sometimes Jungle fever means that it is an interracial relationship
yeah baby lol .. show sum skin or w.e u gotta do yanno lol
If you aren't, then we'll wait, but not too long.
What kind of thing is that to ask??
Stay true to who you guys were .
Yes YOU CAN, YOU NEED TO REMEMBER WHY YOU FELL IN LOVE WITH HIM IN THE FIRST PLACE .
HE HAS A PLAN FOR YOU AND THESE MEN ARE NO LONGER PART OF IT.
at first , it isn't very nice.
first , it is kind of uncomfortable, but then you get used to it.
i love her so much,,, she does know!!
Imagine if they really liked a girl and she totally turned him down.
yes very much . I love Justin we kissed just today and a lot more ;)
And if that man knew she's doing this stuff...how stupid he would be to stay!
GO A LITTLE FURTHER SOUTY AND YOU WILL HAVE IT ALL
I got a around 7.5 penis ; Is it a good size?
YOu are fine, just don't marry one of them.
He has moved on, be happy for him, wish him well, & get on with your own life.
therefore it belongs to no one
Don't knock it till you try it.
Now if all of you are just best friends.
You sound like a stalker get some help .
And some women, especially big, beautiful, CONFIDENT women, are just extremely sexy.
You already seem to know the guy.
and you find out he's screwing some other girl and telling her he loves her.
Isn't there something unusual that you know she wants?
so My boyfriend got mad and never talked to him .
you will just know you will feel it .
yea I think its' ok to date someone older than what you are now.
just depends on the person... some like one or the other... some like both.
and nice guys can be just as adventurous and exciting as those bad boys.
This guy is still in love with his wife
i feel weird about this , but do you like me cuz I like you.
Have you ever heard of ....love the one you're with... Go to dance with him and have fun!
If you are OK with it, and one will get hurt . Then I don't see why not.
try your hardest to win her back.
Just don't try talking to her.
not required , but it is much more fun that way.
Are r Are you sure you love her??
i think they do.......... its just like when white women like black men , it the same
For more info, we are both in our very late twenties.
You're a good friend, and I even have stronger feelings than just that!
There sexy and a turn on!
Your heart to tell you to go and tell her!
I NEED A PILL THAT CAN MAKE ME LAST MUCH LONGER!!!!
if they don't believe in their own attractiveness.
Not All women are like that.
No, everyone is not between 12 & 17 OR gay.
And don't worry - if you raise your child right, they won't think bad of YOU!
And never try to get him to... ever again.
to see how she feels about it and then get her drunk!
Well , first of all , a guy would not flirt with someone that he is not attracted to.
It It It might not hurt to ask them.
no mostly love, honor and cherish in modern ceremonies, older ones are obey
but Let 's say you are a boy.
When I was 21 . I had a girlfriend that was 28 , So I think so.
when your girlfriend/boy boyfriend will say Hell Yeah!!!
So please don't blame those who have affairs.
anyone who opens their eyes around him.
When your on a tight budget.
it doesnt matter who they are, if they are married, they are totally off limits!
you have a lot of time, don't rush into shopping
he probably wants you for the wrong reasons.
Yes I am in love, with my children and grandchildren unconditionally!
If you guys don't talk enough, that means one of many things.
they sometimes use it to control and sometimes just pull away from it and that can cause more jealousy
Do you think he will cheat on you, his girlfriend.
Well, I couldn't have said it any better.
This makes me wonder how old you are?
When she tells you more emtional stuff than ever
2- see that the woman is so in love with
So , as the browneyedmaiden said , Be careful because men never grow up.
good luck, and try it at home
Well, here are some ways to cheat on him: Cheat on him the way he cheated on you.
I think you might be (lol)
My boyfriend never calls me and never writes it wouldn't be so bad if he weren't 2 states away!
There there There is no rush to kiss and se* .
tell them to chill out, they obviously are selfconsious about something
Oh...you want one of those friends!A sex buddy.Booty call.
what do you mean by like.
Ask one of your friends to ask him and see what he says.
you can use things you find around the house to do this.
Whoa dude... you've got to be careful here.
Nope, there is nothing wrong with you.
But I think that he just wants sex and I do want that , plus he has a girlfriend!
leave him, you wouldn't like that to happen to you, right.
and we get along just fine.
i do not know how to get a good one.
start flirtin with him or something .. that would turn me on!
Why are they mad at you?
Sort of like why women like to hang with gay men.
No, size does not really matter, unless a guy is too big.
like a blackjack dealer told me once.
1 Well if she wants it , go ahead......... but make it safely .
i believe that men are truly from Mars and we are from venus!
Are thongs comfortable I am thinking about getting one?
Hey you can find any whore anywhere , but is it really worth it?
My friend Taylor has gone out with both of them about half a month after we broke up.
these days , nothing could be an outcome.
a good way to tell is if he teases you.
i do know what to do . I 'm going to her house to see her today.
JUST TELL HIM what you THINK
Probably because most Americans are downright lazy, or maybe just stupid!
YOU SHOULD QUIT DATING LOSERS AND CONS.
stay home, cook a good meal and get a dvd
lucky I found a woman with both.
we kissed on the 1st date and things have been going great.
And If he's still scared, he's probably just scary.
can you introduce me to anyone who would like it
Then you get the benefit out of the deal too!
Now If a guy is involved , all bets are off . They go for the throat..
maybe by talking about skimpy topics.
just be glad you have an only kid . I know what it is like........
I read a lot about this issue and so I am telling you this all.
I like this really cute guy, he's not in my class he's in my friends ' class.
Grab him and give him a big smooch!!
if you like a bowl of soup , then would a bigger bowl be even better ?
No this is not love!If he really loved you it would matter!
learn how to roll with it ever so cautiously, or get out of the jungle.
sure if he would like it
Well I have definitely done that, it was horrible.
playful in the bedroom is a huge plus!!
It's not like I want to.
Just love her too if you like her.
aint nothing wrong with doing what you do . I think more people should be like that .
try talking to her friends and see what she likes.
invite him for dinner . Your parents will get to know him and will trust him.
trust me, she will like it, because that was what my bf gave me that really touched my heart!
IT ENDS UP HURTING WORSE IN THE END IF YOU HIDE THEM.
This worked for me: Hi, my name is Kevin.
Ask him if he'd like to go to the movies with you next Saturday.
I thought that was just me , but I guess not
Then if you shy to start right away, Just have fun around him!
when you are an adult or in love.
B'caz you think Urself very smart & clever.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT SHE MEANS OR HOW TO IMPROVE MY CONVERSATIONS.
If that doesn't work , then go find someone else to like.
she may not be perfect , but there is someone out there for you!!
call her right now and say hey, I'm gay , then take it from there.
plz if you get some nice and then tell me too...
(if you know what I mean)
Guys want a thin, pretty girl who can handle the housework.
between the F spot and the H spot.
Why in the world does your wife want you to have an affair?
going out with someone to make your ex jealous is so pathetic!
Tell him if him girl f**ked her friend would like it.
also, it helps if she got a nice set of cans
U NEED TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.GOOD LUCK.
He broke up w/ me 4 months ago.
the other guy took my idea
Find a nice girl and marry her.
Nope, maybe a kiss on the cheek but you do need to make out if you do want to.
like most of us really are.
try dropping hints if you like him and see how he reacts.
It does not matter if the man is older but it does matter if the man is married.
if he really loves you . He will wait and not push you!
I love dogs is the best.
Why do they think about love ,care,and things about love should do?
go up to him smack him on the butt and say when are you taking me out?
It is always wrong to cheat!
oooohh, tough call, how did you find out about it!!
I'm sugarlump and he is Sqog!!!
he will even get me presents for no reason!
be honest about it girl . Ok Just be honest . Oh yeah I'm a guy by the way .
only if it is beyond repair
However, do not use it to just get some.
there is nothing wrong.. It is just that we're not used to it.
I dream of my son lot
Sex is just sex with no strings attached.
He's married .... BAD KARMA ... BAD KARMA
(When she ducks out to the bathroom?)
If you like a guy and think he likes you.
This way . If you feel they will say no, don't do it yet.
i totally feel you on this one.
Just don't become the bad guy in your son's eye.
that's the best thing to do
only you can know when it's right for you.
it's sort of par for the course in this jungle.
i want to call her so much , but I never have the guts to
HELL YEAH you make the cut.
They don't want to hurt the guy.
'm not sure what to think of what you said.
if you are a lezbo..lol No if you really love her lol sure..
humiliate him by catching them kissing
I am 16 and looking for a friend to chat with ..but there n't anyone..What to do?
they do want the whole bad boy only a little.
#2: Do you really want to get back or get even?
ATLEAST PRETEND TO HAVE IT ORELSE HE MIGHT SEE ANOTHER FOR IT.
but Then I said it outloud.
you would be jealous as hell .
What do you have to lose ??
If you do, I'd like to ask you WHY???
IF he is so willing to ruin a good thing for a fling, then he is not worth it.
If he even dares to f**k u then tell him it's right.
you will never be happy if you ask that...you better say....i just want my life back...good luck to you:))
And I ca meet a decent guy on the internet.
People always say once a cheater , always a cheater.
Some people even do not kiss until their wedding day to keep it special.
say you love him the very first time and you ca live without him in your life...easy!
Nope once a cheater , always a cheater
;) Little things a woman does are very noticable too.....pony tail.....ribbon in her hair.
Sorry, I have a b*tch already...
i'm so sorry to hear that.
if he flirts back , he might be a player.
go for it but don't overdo it.good luck!
He's a cheating ******* and using you too!
It's weird, I know, but, that's the way they are.
we do need to find a good looking person in order to fall in love with.
my answer's too late , but I would give you some advice though...
women They tend to lie easily and yet they deman us to be true...lol
me NEVER I will love you forever
(No, I'm not a loser, but I'm not popular, I'm just normal, but he's popular)Help Me!
I love her and she loves me.
Have you try different kinds of guys, like guys who like spicy women.
It means that you are looking at other girls too hard & making her feel insecure
well Comb apparently , grandma loves you . You are still here
trying to see it from his point of view ok.
can't wait for the answer to this one .
i agree all the way with Linda01
let me no when you get an answer :)
so a lot of the time they beat around the bush, so he can tell you if you like him.
Just need to tell someone it's eating me alive.
Yes,Yes, Yes...... Oh yeah and sometimes sleep.
you know, love likes a wind, you can't see but you can feel it.
You've got your whole life to live - enjoy being young and in love!
^_^ by the time she does finish , it will be the best, strongest one she's had.
no.. You have to have the real deal
and you will end up broken hearted.
Life is so difficult right now . Please help!
Think about that before you give yourself away.
Either way , he's going to need you to be there for him!
so is this the same girl?
:) I hope you will get married.
It was a hard break up to get over, so I think because of what I invested! in
Just tell your man you've had enough and it's you or her.
mostly insecure men want to do this to stroke their ego.
I think it's good to wait until you are married to have sex.
we just can't live together as a man and wife anymore.
does anyone know what this is.
The The The one I found below is located outside of CA!
And you won't stop it because you're still in love with him.
What are your dislikes and likes about gurls.
because I dream about her all the time.
if not , Yall may be growing apart.
I know she likes someone else, but should I tell her how I feel anyway?
go and beat the hell out of ur friends
So if you are that young , maybe it is no big deal.
sometimes it totally depends on how he or she is classifed under class clown!
you can have one of your friends go up to him and flirt.
thats just your mind playing tricks on you .
OK pay attention to him , flirting a lot
my my my my most -14feb 25th dec and 15th June least-april and ,
Maybe if you ask her while she is drunker than bob Dylan was before a concert!
I GOING OUT WITH A GIRL 11 YEARS OLDER THAN ME FOR 11 YEARS.
other then sticking them in a room . I suggest telling them to talk it out amonst them themselves
Salt & Pepper shakers; towels & wash clothes silver wear; bathroom set; etc.
if he's married then yes, duh
He never had sex with her?
if you have to get proof , then get through your doctor or something.
it does not attract girls.you gotta change to be serious but not too serious.
I don't know anyone who did it right the first time
Oh...and if you make Jesus the core of your marriage, everything else is even better!
I can't even visit her or nothin and she lives right upstairs!
There's probably where I went .
There aren't many good men out there, so be careful!
trust me . It happened to me before , and I feel better .
I do see anything wrong with a little bump and grind
Ask him what the deal is
Why do you ask this question?
Hey Chillin...I agree with Superman, give him your vote!
It is It is not a baby . It just happens what I think
But I can't help but wonder about herself
ask ?s, find out, depending on the answer , dump him then c wats up.
Oh I want a girlfriend but only a hot one.
The Girl says to a guy, I am pregnant.
2 days ago, he came back!
IF YOU THINK LIFE IS SO DIFFICULT RIGHT NOW, MAKE THE WRONG CHOICE AND IT WILL ONLY GET worse
YES...WHEN FOR A WHILE I COULDN'T STAND TO HAVE SEX WITH MY B/F?
If you have to ask..........your are probably too young to be trying.
But I personally do like them
If you are not hot, are you nice?
and keep waiting . Friends will find you one or he/she will come to you,.
i think it is bad because they are your friends , but that doesnt make it less sad.
Slap him around a little bit.
with this type of arrangement .
And I can honestly say now that I'm glad I never got the guy!
I'm just curious....how big is the average male 'part' ????
the stork receives your email, and it'll be visiting ya along with a lil' brotha/sista
Is there any sign that he likes you too?
OK First make sure he knows you exist.
4 me There is no difference.its Jaz it is much better to hear making love than having sex...........
If you mean see as in date, not I.
i really need to know what anybody other than my close friends think.
be sure to be 'cool'(be nonchalant!)
Yes... Love & Romance are different.
as long as that person loves you , Btu who know they coild just pretend.
LOL I wonder that myself and have found that you don't find.
just call him from another phone!
Sex is safe when its only your wife!
Leave now b4 someone gets hurt doll!
and the guy I like likes my friend.
PERIOD IT MATTER WHO IT WITH
i want to know what they like to do only talk or something else...............
This is what she looks like: Blonde Shoulder Blade hair.
walk up to him , look him straight in the eye and ask him if he flinches Beware
I see your friend likes her too?
she is not of my community
THERE IS NOTHING YOU CAN DO BECAUSE YOU LACK THE POWER TO LEAVE HIM!!!!
then introduce yourself , then start hanging around more.
lot of mistakes r made in haste.
TELL HER THE truth BECAUSE THERE IS a NICER WAY.
How I find out if she does.
Its a safer way to see things instead of maybe getting your girl pregnant or worse, don't you think?
my first - second - look
YOU HAVE TO BE BRAVE AT ANY TIME.
(waiting for you to give them a cab fare)
just don't buy the cheap types, they hurt
And you better do it before someone else tells her that they like her...don't waste time!!
Did you ever tell anyone else this info?
that is wrong, I have gone to that stage before and you won't like it!
know ur yourself first...dont care about others...
taking up yoga - the muscles it creates makes things more enjoyable...for you.
i cant believe that you even needed to ASK this!!!
Just love him as a friend.
i seeing him once a month . I worry about him sometimes about him and other girls.
NOoooooooooo,its not weird and exactly what the other people said.....rock ur own world dude!
going into yahoo chat . click on MUSIC (hip hop)
Some women just kind of know these things.
Shania, because of her appearance the figure and her mind PAM iiihhh, only titts,
check your grammar and spelling and you may get a response :)
What is the best way to say if he's cheating?
wait until marriage it all .
If you love them it's not stupid at all.
you were Rong I am not any of those ages
I say this beat by 1000 Fold.
by the way they act around you.
see if he really cares about you.
whatever you are comfortable sharing about yourself.
becouse we can be very mean and dumb . Maybe she is jealouse of something
My mattress & sheets are way too comfortable.
see have been friends for 5 years and I do want our friendship to end this way!!!!!
one day you will appreciate him!
Complete honesty, let her scream and do stuff if she needs.
I too married a guy who was in prison.
How am I supposed to know?
And be sure to listen; you shouldn't just say yeah and uh huh...
I like your message...you can send me an email . We can also chat .
sorry to hear about this ... you sound like a very nice guy.
he acts like he hates me.
OTHERS opinion OF YOUR LIFE SHOULD MEAN NOTHING TO YOU.
wait rn't you the guy who wants to ask the girl if she wants to sleep with you
well to tell you the truth . It is better if you ask him.
The rest of that question...I can't even get into that.
Does it really hurt the first time?
He says he would take a girl with some meat on her over an anorexic looking girl any day.
Sorry she did that to you.
YOU SHOULD BE ASSHAMED OF YOURSELF!!
i know this won't be enough , but just hang in there at least I 'm trying
I didn't let him know how much it hurts to be just friends . I just let him see me.
'is it okay to have a first date?'
first of all , How old are you?
Are they kisses on the neck, massages,...?
are you having sex with him?
you are a lot smarter than most people your age.
i like my eggs scrambeled for tomorrow morning babe
if it really works, try it in real life.
You should do more than just kick her @SS!
just ask her to be honest with you and ask her.
it hurts too much . You devote your time to someone and then there gone.
oh yeah, find someone who believes in you.
If you want be some guys urge or make some one fulfill yours...
I never reading it when I young, but after 10 years of marriage...HOT
DON'T PRESSURE HIM INTO MARRIAGE . It's THE WORST THING TO DO, You WILL REGRET IT.
soemone who is willing to give something up just for you.
Girls marrying the good boy and dating the bad boy.
hey there, It just so happened that I sent him a card the day before I broke it off.
I've being on the same boat , so here goes.
TRY TO FORGET THE BAD THINGs . Sand LOOK AT THE GOOD .
AbsolutLaney took the words right out of my mouth!!!
How old are you or shall I say how young?
It I It used to be that @$$ that would sleep with a girl and be done with her.
there's a Chinese saying that if guys are not bad , women wo like them...
i think you should just go out with me
How about you try growing up.
is a guy unclipping and touching me in public
if you did not have sex at the age of 18 , you are a loser.
well It looks like you've got 2 choices.
you have a life to get on with and a beautiful daughter to raise.
If the guy wants to be a virgin , then no
she would be like my best friend.
Call me... and I will prove you wrong
I I I would just bring it up and go from there.
it means that they want to have sex with you.
heart & trust because if they have these two they ca go wrong .
If you truly love him , then you shouldn't give up !
hey about how I lost my ex wife.
Plus there are laws about that kind of thing.
if you know what made those experiences bad .
if She is self - confident and feels sexy . That is good.
u never know what you or they can do in different places.
you will fined this out in her eyes .
ps:i have a lot of friends that like big girlz
Yes, just don't buy cheap ones, made with uncomfortable material!
!stop looking and I'm sure she'll come around sooner or later.
I don't think they always cheat, perhaps you just haven't met the right person.
does she like you If she says no , then ask her if there are any single friends she has.
The nORMAL RANGE IS 5 - 6 INCHES . The MATTER IS NOT OF SIZE . Only HARDNESS IS COUNT
Second, you can get real love by chance and luck with a guy or a girl.........whichever one you want.
i want her to be mine, not like property, but like for my eyes only, you know what I mean?
Kinda what they said, If you really want to know, ask him...........or wait until he asks you.
if you are sexually active , it may not be what he wants...it may just be the sex.
Why can't I get him out of my mind?
I THINK YOU WENT THROUGH THIS IN 5TH GRADE..IT WAS CALLED a SEX EDUCATION CLASS .
It depends on how many sandwiches you've eaten!
that's easy to ask her once and 4 all.
IF HE SAYS YES , ASK HIM if HE WANT TO GO OUT
you have not contacted anyone here . Have you try it.
How big is the age diff.?
i go for $$$$, a grill, gotta have style, a car... and THEN looks aren't that big an issue .
Not doing bad things is not enough....that is in Luke for sure, and possibly in the other 3 gospels.
My boyfriend is the perfect man too.
Enjoy and think you're helping a friend - his wife!
She will usually let you know . =)
you just need to let nature take its course.
Why should he get out with his ex in the first place... he has no right!
I do think girls need to worry about it.
yes at first, but it gets much more fun
My He wants me to try it.
Why ask if you do know
If you really want to really love ,yes, you shall !
and the affair becomes an outlet where that new person gives them what their spouse doesn't anymore.
first do a people search.if he has a list , it is public knowledge.
someone who backs you up 24/7
Either he loves you too, or it is time to move on.
no way oce a cheeter is always a cheeter who dumps his ass
yea I do believe so if you really like the person.
If she dances around the question, chances are she prefers HIM!
everyone wants sum1 Dat dey can call his own.
DO YOU FIND YOURSELF THINKING OF THIS PERSON NO MATTER WHAT YOU ARE DOING?
It's pretty good for me, as a saggitarian.
Yeah I had a guy like that once.
Some like their nipples touched and some don't at all.
I guess we all react differently but I got a new career and a divorce and love it!
Well now we have 2 little girls and they are beautiful & wonderful, but Now our relationship sucks!!
#1: Why did you break up in the first place?
My cousin always told me if you could suck his big toe, then you would love him.
Only if I was gay....I am not.
I can't believe the monster she turned into.
bein luved by sum1 Special is like watching your dream come true.
AND REMEMBER THAT YOU FALL IN AND OUT OF LOVE WITH HIM.
1st you ask her and then love her...so simple..
Pick some really good guys in your school and act flirty.
she would have to approve the girl you are seeing .
Girl If you are freaken stupid , go ahead and do it , but be smart and do do it .
There nothing wrong but to be on the safe side , go see ur dr.
is it a stupid thing 4 fall 4 someone many miles away from you?
could be interesting for me too...
How do you even know you're gay?
don't think about what you're going to say, or what she's going to say.
BOTTOM LINE___________________ Your not happy get out get out get out move on move on move on
If so it wasn't meant to be.
Well , if you care for him a lot , then I would say don't let him go yet.
Why don't you take care of your wife now and your unborn baby and not your dick,
first of all , do think, you must know he is cheating.
Whenever I feel like I am drowning, I take a step back, take time for ME!
girls love a guy to be romantic.
Else do and give value to parents ' words.
i was on the phone with him and he asked me if I liked him and I didn't answer
you might want to start with the chubby girls first , if you want a quicker response
n Of course if you are not too young !
im very shy . How I break it to him?
cause you do what we say
What do you mean by this ?
i think it doesn't matter that your best friend has a best friend
it did and me and my hubby both hesitated and grinned at each other when we said it
want to see him before it is too late..
Why should he marry you ?
yas I am here whom you are searching for.
aint nothin wrong wit comin quick if you are not trying to prove anything
Am I gonna have to kick her @$$?
Best friend or not, that guy needs to have his butt kicked.
chopping your head off while handing her the letter reading; I WOULD DIE FOR YOU to be the judge!
GIRLFRIEND, IT is A FACT YOU ARE IN LOVE!!
If he cares for you, he'll do just that :p
i want to know if I am in love with someone
When he sees you at your worst and still thinks you're pretty!
Maybe He has, but maybe not.
take him on a boat ride.
either for a girlfriend or for a wife
Check out the little white wedding chapel, tho...i have heard good things about it:-)
Sometimes The bad boys are just sexy!
Just because your relationship sucks doesn't mean that it's hopeless.
so you would you have 2 major girlfriends?
you might as well start cheating on your man.
What is it a woman does while she kisses you that turns you on the most?
Ask her out to a dance, or to a movie or something, like friends would do.
and oh I ca stop staring at him!..
i mean , people do get curious.
Hep me out bro, am worthy, I take my oath on it.
No, to lose your virginity you need to put your penis inside of her!
if yes, then just pray and try to become friends.
Don't knock it 'till you try it!
i was 12 and it was with my sister 's best friend who was 15 at the time ,
But she hides the way she is.
It 18 It is a great time to start.
YOU SAID HE HAS A GIRLFRIEND!
But I know this is not always true ...
Go to a party , get some ice - cold water , dump it on him and leave!
Wow is all I have to say to that, except that it is wrong.
About 2 1/2-3 inches inside the vagina on the upper side, depending on the girl...guys I do not know
honestly girl, if you have ever seen hope floats, all the hulmilation is not worth the effort.
Just tell her that you cherish her friendship and that as friends you do want her to get confused!
nope not important...in fact, if she were I might get suspicios...kidding.
pls read Isaiah 52, preferably in the Old King James--oh Lord its powerful!!
tell him . You still love him and that he is sweet .
it means they want 2 fuck
If you are really in love...does it matter?
tell him that he is a jerk!
Congrats IT A BEAUTIFUL THING . I HAVE BEEN THERE FOR THE PAST 14 YEARS AND STILL LOVING IT!
Marriage IS A BLESSING WITHOUT A DOUBT!!
yes my wife is before 24/7 3 to 4 days before she starts
Groups are so cliche and people just need to start hanging out with whoever they want to!
If your still having problems , then you should have her.
My girlfriend is black and Sh says that white men are the best
you know what goes around , comes around, so think of not to cheat.
the clitoris and nipples because they are the most sensitive
Now , That's something you don't hear every
Fifteen is way too young to get married.
just walking over and simply say hi.
I always finish WAY too soon...it gets better...I've been with my wife for 3 and a half years!
a sexy thoughts and I do believe in
I'm sorry but I can't do this.
have your friend flirt and ask if he has a girlfriend and what does he think of you.
am iunattractive or do not stand out!!!!!!!!
Why do you think men are Idoits?
high tech stuff.. That 's what I want.
Even after pills, if it still don't work, try getting her exotic pleasuring toys.
i do think it that late.
does he feels comfortable being around you
Not like men, who **** just to ****.
anyone out there have a mandingo?
Can someone PLEASE prove to me that this world is not full of jerks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
well I would find another guy and forget about him.
do you live and how old you are . You write me back on iwalktheline247@yahoo.com Thanks you seem really cool .
When he randomly flirts with you and wants you to play guy sports and asks you to go steady!DUH!
For sure , studs or small hoops look sexy on guys, big earrings look ugly on guys.
My wife told me that she needed a ride home.
Well... First, curvy and thin don't REALLY happen.
Well I do like larger women's.
oh and don't try too hard .
Moreover she told my brother she did like me.
Ask yourself the big question: Who gives me butterflies?
Go up to him and say Dont lie to me . I know ur dating some other girl!
becz girls think they are clever . That why boys like cheating .
SHOW HER THAT YOU ARE REAL AND THAT YOU LOVE HERE AND CARE ABOUT HER AND HER BODY.
youll appreciate him more when you meet him and hell knows it, In turn , hell be very grateful.
I have sex once a month... maybe.
OH BY THE WAY , THE TURN ON IS THAT US BIG GIRLS ARE BEAUTIFUL TOO.
She always accuses me of cheeting or web-camming with other women at all.
you can love at one time or the way . Do worry .
Or trying to talk about the 'other' stuff.
some of us just ca help it.
I check my e-mail a lot and I use instant messenger.
Why do you care who thinks bad about you?
hey There is not a need to kick a** In fact , you should feel happy.
My Crazy 8 Magic Ball says, Definitely Not
If not, at least you are friends with the one you like.
Hay, Why not ask a friend to ask him if he likes you?
thats a good question , one that really only you could answer.
But most of the time it
that a person always has a person 4 , no matter what
Some, like maybe your sister does.
men split in the field into 2 groups : 1- see the jealous as asign of love.
which she does it with the nurse.
The Guys are bigger liers , girls tell the biggest lies.
If not, then you will know for sure.
as sick as she is.
Take it nice and easy , Dont push too hard.
Well its totally up to you.
u state in your quessie that he tried to kiss you or something
um I am confused as to why your wife would want you to cheat!
Please check it out...you're life will change!!!!
of course yes it matters because for me longer is better, better to suck yeahh!!......uhh.uhh.
Otherwise, it always gets back to the guy and he is even more hurt.
You have to know your guy.
because of their complicated brain... they just don't think right most of the time.
Most cheerleaders (no offense at all) are stuk up, tho I have met ones that arent
til death do us part .
I wouldn't worry about it so much.
but now be friends with him to see what is going on
carefully so you do get hurt, so he knows he was asked out.
you should wait to get married or even have sex , so you can really kno k
If it doesn't we might regret it .
He always ask me why I like that guy or that guy.
OR YOU COULD JUST WRITE HIM A LETTER AND HAVE SOMEONE ELSE GIVE IT TO HIM OR YOU CAN.
just be careful what you wish for, you just might get
Sorry, it just totally rubs me the wrong way!
umm tell him that you know.
it gets boring , makes it fun and interesting.
That is why, girls always cheat on boys.
if she does, then you don't have to spend any more time thinking about her.
maybe they ca figure out which is betta.
he is not in love with you , He just wants someone to have on the side
Guys are soo easy to turn on.
What people build their relationships on these days!!
i don't think there is any set amount of time that is right for everyone.
let him by saying I love you first.
I do not know but I do not cheat on girls...
cos ur husband is still attractive.
i totally agree with I know-pick me . This guy is a complete jerk and you probably r one too.
u do what you feel deep down inside.
My GIRLFRIEND SAYS WE DON'T TALK ENOUGH.
A man probably doesn't have to lie to his guy friends.
is it totally bad for me to envy them?
(but I'm not one of them)
i heard .. apples make them good taste
I'd have to choke a b!tch
I think with..almost everything in life..you should not be rushed.
i'll answer with a favorite quote...
You sound like a nice person.
If I ever get married again, Vegas is the way to go.
is it wrong for a woman to ask instead of the man?
Got to be careful with that one.
5- How do you intend to get to him to tell him this?
Well....*why* don't you want to have sex with him?
sometimes, just overdo it because then it becomes annoying, but otherwise yea!
and then she gave me $20 back.
It ok, 'll go out with you lol
do do anything you want to do!
Just show her how to have a good time!!!
actually I like it when my girl acted jealous.
I kissing my husband whenever I feel Like it.
If you really love this person , then marry this person.You will be very happy .
Just because she likes girls does not mean she wants you.
WHEN I GET IN MY BED , I THINK OF SLEEP.
if he cheats on his wife , he can cheat on you.
love moves and works in mysterious ways...
no means no, and waiting till you were crying was too long.
do LET IT BECOME A ROUTINE!!
You could read some books if he's not willing to get some counseling to help both of you.
just come out wit it when he comes over to see you
STICK WITH HIM, EVENTUALLY YOU'LL STICK AS WELL.
Anyway, I hope this doesn't sound too sick (it is your question after all) and answer your question.
And he ca always hang out with us because he lives 15 minutes away!
Not at all.....as long as the chemistry is there , age is just a number.
You'll still be young and you have a lot going for you in life , you know.
unless there are other reasons why 2 should get married.
But I can't deal with lies.
you know the little boats that are in Italy
fuck the shit out of both of them, maybe even at the same time!
its your life and enjoy it in your own way.
It ruins relationships, lives, families--does he have any kids??
because men tend to make it out to be more then it really is!
find a hobby that you's can share.
Yes it is cute to see them break rules, but I mean get a life and get over it!
I don't know about me yet but,my mom's friend got married to a black guy..
So I don't know if you should go that deep.
Keep in mind . I am really shy.
Hi I can be your friend . Mail me at Harryblehnabladder@yahoo.com names Sherly
and if he doesn't like you , then it shouldn't matter.
Because if you are just desperate for marriage , then you can get anybody.
Skinny looking things don't do it for me.
we broke up and I just want to be friends.
If you are Jj then there is no way that Kaylin likes you.
the It depends on how old you are, but you may just be late.
my My friend 's name is Taylor and I go out with 2 boys whose names are Jake and Dalton.
You better tell that B**** to back off.sorry for the word but if you like him , fight for him .
yeah,but do you think at that time he really was thinking??????????
and if he feels the same way I feel about him, is it really love?
What kind of question is this ?
she set me up with a nurse of her
He doesn't just have a girlfriend, he has a WIFE!
Some people don't believe in marriage.
THEY JUST CARE any MORE.
1.well how are you going to marry them if they are still in prison????
if he does , you should talk to him.
Now you should worry about your 50 years old and having never been kissed.
you are young and you have to find the right person.
'cause there idoits never trust them , but if there are parents or brother sure
Once a cheater , always a cheater.
the one who wasn't afraid to tell my parents where to shove it...LOL.
I hope time will run its course and I catch the sex bug again.
y is it dat nothng is as per our wishes???
If you don't love him, I don't think you'd care that much if he cheated on you.
And wondered why girls didn't like me.
Probably the same thing you want.
(his way, or the highway) When I want to, he gets all mad most of the time.
especially when I say I love you to
Think of the things he'd like best!
Just wait it out, If he likes you, he is going to eventually ask you out again...
My milkshake brings all the girls to the yard, and they like, it's better than yours...
#4: Is it worth getting back and why?
And I don't think he ever will.
just give him a peck every once in a while!!
be it 6000 miles like mine, or 6 miles.
Nice guys are boring to women.
because I couldnt see that with this person, She got her citizenship and then blew town.
which My wife told me she would make sure I was happy.
make it fun for her and you
if it takes 20 years , then so be it.
It is jerks like that that give good guys a bad name.
It just stops all of a sudden!
I know you are an old fashioned guy .
It always amazes me when I see women like this.
first , they feel funny , then it feels really comfortable!
I didn't change my name after I got divorced only because I am lazy like that!
big women or small women, it shouldn't matter.
umm... I guess it can both ways!!
he looks at the snoby cheerleader.
Well I just took my girlfriend to see the Memoirs of a Geisha.
just because you have the hots for some guy doesnt mean you should start dating him.
He have a plan for you!!
My brother loves this girl, whom I have met once.
Hun if he keeps you a secret he ain't worth it in the long run.
Let him get off his lazy butt and go pick out a ring and plan ONE STINKING ROMANTIC night.
I didn't really lose what I thought I had, because it was never exisisted!
don't think of something that doesn't exist.
From my experience some men (not all!)
1..hang out with your friend AND your boyfriend.
Talk about having a full plate!
#3: Do you really LOVE him?
2 weeks shy of my 13th birthday.
What does this all mean, Does it mean he likes me?
YOU PROBABLY CAN'T , BUT IF YOU LIKE them , DON'T GO OVER THE HILL WITH them
Do something to her that you don't do to any other girl.
if it was me . I think I would tell her .
you're just not sure if the other might freak out.
I think for a person to cheat on another person, they can't honestly care too much.
My Hubby & I are 28.
Then its means she LOVEs her . She loves you
you were his friend who is now with his mom.so be careful of what you ask for.
Why will he not let me go?
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
You should appologize to him and tell him that you weren't serious and forgive him
Odd, if he really didn't WANT you to see the text message.
18, my first semester of college
You can't keep stuff like that bottled in.
Use them as if they were trash?
2 years, what a waste of time!
I do not believe in romance without legal marriage, even though she also likes to have a home.
I WAS 22 WHEN WE MET.
patience and chastity.... I suspect that you gave him your heart and your body long ago.
Ask him what he's staring at
NEVER I REPEAT to NEVER USE THE L WORD
( If he knew how upset the initial blow was, he'd never talk!)
He waiting until he gets married!
Why don't you just call him?
If he cheats once...he will do it again.
and who could use another good friend.
mmm...sorry you need to care for your wife and baby.
No not unless you both want to
Is he a little playa playa?
you to make yourself comfortable around him.
'm not a guy but one time I did cry b/c it was my first multiple orgasm doggystyle.
its good smile shows your confidence.
Why he can't get none from his girl... u think it 's sex..... then ask him.
do you really want to break up with your fiance?
from there is where you should start trying new things to try and get you in the mood again.
Becuase of the guys you pick, not all guys are like that.
Talk to his friends, get them to help him find you ;)
Don't try to convince yourself that it is a bad idea.
just tell him that they are annoying or if he/she starts getting annoyed , just tell him/her to chill
-^.^- ... it's the best way!
You could always become a porn star... Lol.
God CARES about each one of us, HE MADE YOU!!
The 6 The inch gage is sexy on a sexy guy
If he has a girl , then move along.
No I do not have a boyfriend, but I do have a wife....lol
tell ya do act . Dont panic . Its nothing but a hormone rush.enjoy it.be cool . Atleast you know you love him .
Try to find a good lookin guy with a big woman wo happen.
cause stalkin or sweatin dem or just annoying.mayb
Yeah I think you should but just as close friends at first.
How about little love notes around the house?....maybe with his shaving kit?
he love you too , right?
Even IF ITS FOR SELFISH REASONS TO TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF,YOU SHOULD NOT HOLD ON TO A GRUDGE.
that usually means you ask the wrong guy.
aw do not listen to those two.
you have to stop loving him
yes.to my little cousin.but not to anywhere special
tell them it over . I do want you to be a dickhead
give every guy a chance...Im me at meow3994@yahoo.com 4 more info.
I sitting with her the the first day I saw her.
Get to know each other and hang out.
Sex....to women it means commitment....one nighters...are a slap in the face, basically making her feel like a chaep whore!
If you want a hoe, find a hoe.
Some guys kiss girls while doing it, but it the best when they are affectionate.
Like, If you could be any animal, what would it be and why?
don't get me wrong . I love them, dearly, and really truely happy for them.
There are good guys out there . You just haven't found the right one yet.
Then tell about the code... Never date a friend's ex.
Total slap in the face to a guy.
IT WILL AFFECT YOUR MENTAL HEALTH AND YOUR PHYSICAL HEALTH FOR MANY OR THE REST OF YOUR YEARS.
Yea well that 's what girls do!!!
she 3 years older than him
Get the hell out of there!
queen, try not to take the chat rooms so seriously.
And you can't keep it inside anymore.
By the way , do care what your friend thinks they're not the one sleeping with him.
I guess , just be yourself & keep everything on a comfortable level!!
And maybe both of you can work things out.
Think of what you're doing to them!!!
i agree with the girl at the end
If you post here . Does that make you between the ages of 12 and 17 or gay?
A breather if you could say.
I like you just as a friend .
Become the best friend she ever had.
good luck in the relationship though
he think we don't notice, but we do!
a friend who was the daughter of one of my dad's friends was visiting.
I don't want a divorce, but I want to be in love too.
I believe it because they are insecure with his or their
It's hard on me and I love him.
My kids are 5 and 3.
well has she seen you ?
do have a friend ask him whatever you do b/c that could lead to more difficulties.
once you go , you do go back.
i believe its OK for a woman to ask.
Yes, very much so for the first time!
fart on her face a few times.
nice question...my answer...go to a place where morality and insanity work hand-in-hand!
i'm in a similar boat as yours,but 'm against divorce.
Of course , there is always love...
I don't know yet, and I'm not planning to know for a little while longer :)
yes, and he never had a clue.
Maybe Your girlfriend is just ugly . XD
you interogate him about anything and find out anything if he really loves you...
It will ( if they get married) make their wedding night so much more special!
Just like girls, some cheat , some don't.
L=love I=is F=for E=ever If you spread love for everyone, you shall be remembered for ever.
well, if you're willing to give up sex, then we'll take it.
Why head over hills in love?
I do like using the phone that much.
Say hi and try to get to know him a little bit.
There are girls who like class clowns.
Needless to say I am depressed .
im not sure who she is... r you yummy
i agree with everyone that answered this is that it is 2 late!!!!
if ur sweet , then you will get sweetness in return!!
THAT IS THE ONLY THING THAT WOULD MAKE HIM SORRY FOR WHAT HE LOST....
I thought she was stupid AND ugly!
I asked this question once but maybe I need to explain myself further.
wireless gamepads, wireless headphones, you know.. its cool to go wireless now...
As much as they can get away with!!
if not, then I guess you either stare back, or simply ignore him.
you need to work on your spelling!
Dump his ass and move on . You don't need to be with a jerk like that.
Get her drunk and make out with her.
And always stress that it is who she is that you care for, not what she looks like!
Ok I have a boyfriend and I like another guy.
If she messed up then forgive her.
He always staring at me and throwing stuff at me?
I say I love you to my ex because I really love her.
I don't know what it is.
THEN , AFTER A SHORT WHILE , HE WILL CHEAT ON YOU AGAIN....
i have been with my husband since we were 10 and 11 and we got married last year.
find out why they accuse you that.
Just say this: If you don't like me, just leave me.
trust me when I tell you he doesnt seem worth changing your future for
I am just too old of a guy to be talking with a young girl of your age.
smile, laugh, do whatever it is that you do to have fun!
i never realized how much I liked them until I wore regular panties again one day.
I've got a good friend named Hannah.
dunno about you , but if it is good , it makes me laugh, not cry...
i agree with all the people here.
!..F'in two chicks at the same time is just NASTY!!!
It's crazy and fun and totally cool.
honey If he loves you enough to wait , then you have a much better chance of things working out
Your married and your wife wants you to cheat and it's okay with you?
Class clowns DO NOT attract girls!
No I haven't there , but the best thing is to talk to an attorney...Best of Luck............
no, it just means you are smarter than a lot of other 18 year olds who aren't.
The woman are jealous of their friends ' true or false
well , the respectful thing to do is not override your parents ' rules!
A Marriage is a holy thing that should not be poked fun of or mocked.
i think that you should call her.
we talking but I do know if he likes me . I need help .
maybe asking her out in a few weeks.
talk to her about it, don't just ignore her!
don't look for a relationship, let it find you.
check twice to ask for a guidence course at school . This is just my oppion
But if you want an answer, girls get more pleasure 'cause guys love to please.
Hence the old addage that women mature before men, is totally true.
Ive been there, right where you are, and it hurts!
Try the Internet (e.g., match.com, yahoo.com, ...)
all so you get your pay back buddy.
Give then something that you love that you don't know you love.
test your person so that you can go to the next sooner than later.
Hell yeah he will... what's he doing now?
well if you think he is cheating , then you should stay with him.
Each block has one...pick a good one and have fun!
Size Does Matter :D I'm Just kidding ..
all The rest will follow soon.
because of you guys thinking that they are cheap after they've done it
i don't want to leave my husband because I have 3 kids.
b/c they have no personality or they are jealous of you for some reason :)
feel love or deep fondness for.
i told him my feelings but he did not answer me.
about 1-2 hours a day . It depends on how much hw I have
He's not in his comfort zone, it's tuff!
because if you do you regret it
Hangs out with you when he has nothing to say.
you do realize, that being socialist doesn't mean you social like a socialite.
Doesn't that sound cool to say?
Would you ever want anyone to do that to you?
my Yes 'm 14 and yes I 'm straight .
Doesn't anyone pbelieve in good old love?
You are still in school, so you shouldn't be getting busy with ANY of them anyway!
yea duh but when we get used to it , it no stopping , so yea pain is a pleasure!
do think about it that much... if you really want to know , you should investigate.
keep a sun lounger at the beach for him at 6am
If you don't like it after a few tries , tell your man you don't want it up the but.
tell dem to g et over it u luv him n Dats all that matters .
HE DOESN'T TELL ME HE LOVES ME ANYMORE, WE HAVE NO communication AT ALL.
i will be taking applications at resqmedic1971@yahoo.com ha ha ha
DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME AND VIRGINITY.
she probably means the convo is too superficial.
I THINK IT BETTER YOU TO ASSES YOUR INTERESTS & THEN PUT MARKS IN FRONT
SIMPLY BECAUSE HAVING SEX ONLY IN BED CAN BECOME ROUTINE AND BORING.
no,(and if someone says yes you are gay.no offense if you are.)
I haven't told him though because I 'm used to guys my age (25) NOT wanting comittment.
:o) And if he really does loves you, Keep Him
and Of course, he asks you on a date
This is the third time to see such a question this week!!!!
She probably just wants to be happy and not lonely!
Look it up line if you don't believe me.
No, but if you think you're that good , I'm willing to have an open mind!
And Also make her accept your propsal.
no , I do believe some ladies are very cute , but I never do nething w/ them
Why are you being a jerk to your friend?If she is bugged , just tell her!
but I also love the nurse lady very much.would . I be selfish in getting a divorce .
Yep, like the girl above me said...an interracial relationship.
going to different places , do be shy, have fun with it, flirt
you get one chance...you blew yours Besides you had a rason to leave , so why would you go back
BOooooooo... We do like to cheat!
they are gay , don't think they are gay, THEY KNOW THAT.
And now my BOYFRIEND ditched me for my old friend!!!!!
just very simply do sex when you both need it.
if no, then just try to be friends with her.
You want to tell a girl that you are in love with her!
You must be 12 years old!!
You are not that dumb of a girl to even put up with it.
My exhusband had a 9 inch penis but he did n't know how to pleasure a woman at all!
If yes, how should I tell her?
just say no, I do want to have sex if you do
be rude and annoying until she leaves willingly.
Does ANYONE KNOW OF A PILL THAT CAN MAKE ME LAST LONGER??!!
his voice Stumbles when you talk to him , you catch him always looking at you.
u should never see this creep again.
who would see a married man??
rose pettles leading to a tub in the tub with you in it waiting for him.
Are you saying that you are both married or that they are gay?
You need to cut ties with this guy right now.
if you do mind message me in yahoo
i think it is just a guy thing, they never give you a straight answer, That 's normal for them.
I have NO love for a guy that cheats on a pregnant woman.
Hmmmm, this is a good one.
Movies....lotions....food..lol, or props of some kind to kick-start things again.
I to work out with me . I guess other guys have NO WAY
...and that only a couple ways to know, Believe me when it happens you will know...
But it's also full of nice sweet caring guys.
help me figure this out..... why does love make some girl like me feel love suck?
oohhh hard one,you ca force yourself to fall in love.
yep, the last answer should work :) no, not that one, the one above it :)
No break, no vacation , no relief.....you go, you stay.
will I have sex with girls
Try to hang out with her, or accidentally bump into her in the hall.
Same with perfume......less is more ladies.
a relationship just means that you are going to be loyal , no cheating
they have a really wet couchie and you do have to worry about them messin over you.
How do I tell her I like her?
There are plenty of guys out there!
Your grandma might have killed him.
I I I agree with chacha777...you are even blessed that you have one.
My parents hate him and wo accept him because of his looks.
seems some need to make up things to impress to get in more pants.
Catch her staring at you and you would know...
you owe it to her and you owe it to yourself as well.
y cnt we love what we wanna lov??
A strong male hormone that prompts them to do things they'd never do if they didnt have it!!!
guys are often scared to ask a girl out because if she says no , it can hurt his pride.
I would just beat his @$$.
I've seen some beautiful women going out with men that I've asked why
Thong Panties...do I need to say more?
It's great that she still revs my engine but I wanna rev her's too!
What is good and what is bad?
take the time to get to know ea.
and usually after you stop looking.
Love is not about sex, lust is.
and If that does work , try Starbucks parties there great.lol
he dribbles... he shoots... he scores... 2 points...
As soon as you think you have them figured out... bam!
now I feel weird if I am wearing anything besides a thong.
shouldnt go out with him ever again... ca be trusted...
i never cheated, but could not handle constant accusations , so I got rid of her.
i would love to be, but at the moment
five yellow flowers does not mean love my friend, five yellow flowers mean friendship...long lasting friendship..if you like.
do you know it takes 1000 muscles to frown?
None of them are really, too old.
Is it ok to have a long - distance boyfriend and hang out with other guys?
just have fun and be honest with each other.
Thats is just tacky and off limits.
they say love is blind .
In my experience, guys pretty much talk about marriage a lot if they are interested.
just keeping friends, it makes life easier
she is your best friend , just tell her nicely.
Romans 1: 24-32 Lord PLEASE DELIVER AND SAVE THIS GIRL.
im going to have a great romantic dinner on the beaches of Mexico and then well... you know.
How about a romantic getaway weekend?
she just wanted a free ride . She was a nurse . Also he even found her a good paying job.
he dribbles... he shoots... he scores... 2 points...
Talk is cheap (until you go over your minutes)
He has his own thug style.
is just an infatuation with something
!you can't trick people like you.it's the dumbest thing I've heard.
What do you do if you like your brother 's boyfriend
this isn't an answer , but ouch!!!!
he buy you a diamond when you ask him to.
she was completely in love with me and I n't n't that far yet,so it caused a little problem.
well me personally, I like to do something fun, like playing pool, or bowling.
I liked this girl, She took gifts from me, meals , movies and such.
depends on age ..strike up a casual conversation and see where it goes
You've been dating a guy for 5 years
), and he also feels that u have forgiven him.
Gee - I don't know where it is... (I'm convinced that is how it got its name)
but be sure he'll tell them about it to all his friends.
JUST THINK ABOUT IT This WAY YOU WILL SAVING SOMEONE 's BODY FROM PAIN AND EMBARESSMENT.
8 (in some games) no score; nil.
If she killed him and figures out you know she could kill you.
to get more crap from you and then you dump him for the 2nd time, some GF you are
depending on how much he likes you, it can be pretty much impossible .
that usually starts an interesting conversation
Start flirting with the single guys you like and get to know them.
mostwantedchick13 pm me on yahoo . We can chat about it.....Beaver ...you can meet me again
it is so hard to forgive people who are like that.
You guys literally don't talk enough because you're too busy with something else.
If you don't like it, then why did you get with her in the first place?
i do not show me littlevada@yahoo
make something if your out of $$
WHAT DOES SHE LIKE ABOUT THE OTHER PERSON AND HOW SERIOUS IS SHE ABOUT HIM?.
they are more complex than us girls, so it is harder to tell.
well The answer is they want to have sex with you.
and about the other girl who is also worry, please do not.
DUDE, Grow some nuts in your sack and man up!!!
You guys don't have enough differences.
that;s because it is darker and colder , but do worry u r not alone
heads is yes.... tails are not
ask him is the best way
read books, or are you tossing the baby with the bath water.
:) I pay attention to women's hands....nice hands, manicured nails, smooth skin, soft looking, feminine....like that.
It beats faster when we look at the girl we love!
Say Hi how are you doing.
What do you feel about her?
Oh man do I need help.
you try asking her first...just ask her flat out if she would like to?
it depends on which you think tastes better ham sandwich or... and not not 14
and try to do peace.......try to rehave your friends........try to impresionate.......people
I know you are in LOVE, love, love!
=) good luck, I hope he proposes!
both you must learn to trust each other.
huh..not sure what you are asking
Im still trying to figure it out myself
But We are already good friends , so help...
Sex is overated anyways...you'll be like...o this is it lol!!
they think there are pimps there , not there are just stupid and have nothing better to do
Once a while, she would be nice to me and I feel like in cloud 9.
But your mind tells you tell to stop!
Tell him/her that u cant lie anymore..
go out with him and leave with someone else.
If He is too big . He cannot do anything but hurt a girl.
invite your boyfriend over and ignore her
but it is something you should discuss.
Well....my husband and I just got married a little over a month ago and we have silly nicknames.
I try to play the quiet type and do most of my flirting with looks.
I once told a girl something similar.
cool', some women can see through that!!
Would he suck your big toe?
Well That 's what my f*** buddy does!
like when they say they want to hit that
do to think about aids
i couldnt be sure , but she sounds like a nice friend.
very premature if you ask me
humm strange way of stating it aint it.
If he or she is not honest , you don't want to be with them anyway.
BUT YOU WILL ALWAYS LOVE HIM.
Guys cheating on girls cuz they think their pimps.
YOU HAVE SOMETHING BETTER FOR HER IN LIFE THAN THE LIFE SHE IS LIVING NOW!!
look in to your local laws though.
come on , You know , do you really have to ask?
6 affectionate greetings (give him my love).
you can get her a necklace or something special.
r you looking for an underage same-sex date?
you MEAN , WHY DO MEN DO THAT RIGHT?
so if you want to find love , you have to find friendship first
OK, have you actually met her or not?
Have fun.......and send me a postcard.
Tell your boyfriend , You just love how that guy is dressed.
hey Yall you just need to calm down .
DON'T LOSE SUCH A beautiful THING TO SOMEONE WHO MIGHT NOT EVEN CARE OR WANT YOU FOR LONG TERMS.
THIS QUESTION IS TOO OPEN, YOU NEED TO NARROW IT DOWN.
so I know what you're going through.
I can't imagine that I'd like it , but I've heard that some girls do.
do even think about it...personally, I could not manage it at all!
ya very good idea thanks !
as long as you don't beat yourself up about it , you can still be friends
because you wo find anything like that.
he still tries to avoid me.
Yea I tried also but nah it didnt work.
and bring some music to play . You two will be kissing before you know it.
sometimes women do have very much self confidence and think their bf is cheating.
We guys don't have much self-control.
i to start waiting now, but your question doesn't make sense, it sounds like you 're already waiting...
TRy to push yourself to some guys that you like.
He said he loved me back, but he recently told me that he thought he was gay, so now what?
it does not bug me , but I feel like she is just walking in my footsteps
Just your grammar - start with the basics and work your way up from there :)
before and most , while your period is on , that is when a woman is mostly horney .
maybe You both need to grow up awhile before you try going out.
statistically but miracles do happen.
Punch, scratch,..Do what it takes, Let her know that he's yo man and you aint sharin!
A woman WHO JUST CAUGHT HER HUSBAND CHEATING MIGHT SEE A MARRIED MAN.
ULL know when he keeps looking at you and he talks or says hi to you
I say don't let her get to you.
If she bleeding after you finish . Do you think that she is enjoying herself?
and why are men always thinking about sex when they are with girl?sssss
13 years and two kids later...
Wen you want to if you can..
it won't get better . You know
and if he denies it , slap him.
Most imprtantly: Be yourself and have fun!
making eye contact, Once you do, that smile... see if he smiles back.
to the first girl above me . I hope you live in California!!!
If you have to ask your a brokeback Bit*h
love him just love.just feel each other.
He become a primping mirror hog!
Even if they have girlfriends, they still watch and why do they hide it?
maybe get a guy to come over
If you think your parents accept that...then you can continue.
yes,i think any guy would want a valentine.
Kind of an inside joke thing.
so stick with what you got.
Penis Size and Satisfaction (A poll for women only!)
I n't want to think, because it is a sin .....
You deserve a guy who will do the little things, don't you?
There There There are many guys out who don't have a girlfriend.
When I have sex with my wife, it's great...too great.
a lot of eye contact and smiling at you...
well if you like him, then give him a smile.
You need to read your BIBLE !
you will have to go look yourself!
I am her TXT mate and she thought that I was a guy.
But big women are awesome too...not just tiny women!
as usual, if you think that ur bf cheat on u..u have to ask him...
on behalf of men , I'm sorry.
My brother told me to write this!
maybe Your finger nails are scratching her.
I like this girl at work.
Men like that don't respect women.
How can I hang out with my friend without making my boyfriend jealous?
I personally do not date white men , just not my type.
Just keep in mind , most girls like guys who can be fun but also serious if it is necessary
leave the room and go out.
if he does, talk to him, what the worst could happen...
If she aint nasty, give it a go.
she has to like or at least tolerate football, ha ha ha.
BUT WHATEVER YOU DO , PLEASE DO NOT NAG HER ABOUT IT IR INSULT HER!
especially when they want you to know the answer.
i think he's kinda cute too
ok well I just need to git some tips on flirting
not unless you are not happy to do so...... if you are shot at... have fun doing
Of course, I've also seen brilliant women who are stump dumb about men, so go figure!
of course , it has to be a pretty girl.
Well, that other girl is YOU!
What you do , not be too cocky because it will slap you in the face.
Well, Hon...ya can't blame God for this one.He doesn't make anyone homosexual.
Because that is what they can get.
Um if you are cute, pretty and kind , I 'll take ya!
No, wait until you find the ONE , then marry her first!!
yes yes yes yes it is Yall guys do know
Either way, you guys have issues.
um move one hundred miles away
I didn't give her space, Too bad it took so long to learn it was me.
Good Luck with your school and your life :)
IT REDUCES GOOD RELATIONs BETWEEN him AND HIM.
well just this morning , what do I find on the internet?
and if so , what is it ?
a happy fun girl that talks to me will always get my attention.
tell me if you'r in love so , give me a love story
im kinda short on cash , so try to be frugal
n't think I 'm crazy, it 's just what I think and believe .
20 years is a heck of a big gap... You're old enough to be her grandpa
Ask her Whjy she wants you to cheat?
wait for him to come . You know he's the 1 .
if not, tips would be helpful(i do know some hot girls already).
YOU SHOULD ASK HIM IF HE LIKES YOU.
if you are communicating, you should know!!!
when you want to spend most of your time with this person.
He 'm fifteen and he is sixteen . He works and is in love with what we should do
id love to get spanked, but not too hard, just enough to turn me on
and what I think now is.... loving each other, I mean boys and girls, are embrasse.
Did you ever think - maybe she likes it that way?
Its like, They love cheese cake, but they only want a slice of it.
is this guy ugly cuz if he is then maybe you should stay away from him
And then take it very slowly...protect your heart and do think about a future with the guy.
I don't know try some pepto Bismal
Or don't do it at all.
is to having Sum1 is important in life , and when sum1 kisses you , you feel you are complete.
if no luck , try the rest stop
but I am only in seventh grade.
you taking birth control pills when you have sex all the time &don't want to get pregnant.
i giving straight answers . go ahead and ask :-P
just her wonderful self personality and all
Why I never find the right guy close to home?
IF That's WHAT HE LIKES . Let HIM BE.
i haven't ever had a girlfriend.
Where can you get the dish from ?
IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN DOING THIS , Why SHOULD IT MATTER WHAT ANYONE THINKS.
well... 'm not looking for sex , but you can get sex through commitment and that is what I 'm looking for.
if you feel like doing it .. then do it
The more honest you are , makes it a bit easier .
i think so.if you date a girl
This is easy...just tell her you don't have feelings for her anymore.
we think that tough guys are more popular and they look a lot better.
this statement is worse wrong nor right !.....
my He is a really sweet and kind guy.
I don't see why not, you never know she might like you too!
But not as bad as losing virginity to a hooker.
so one doesn't bother to ask lovey-dovey questions.
make him happy and you'll be happy too.
just think about how his wife would feel if she found out!
Preferbally Madden 06 depends on what the guy is like .
or is it just not usual?
Oh boy, I don't know what to tell you to do , but, good luck anyway.
If he loses interest in you being urself, then you guys weren't mean to be/
and figure out what we are for ourselves first.
is that an indication that he also likes you
BUT every time I SAW A WOMAN I GOT TURNED ON...IT WAS JUST A PHASE..I LIKE ALL MEATS EXCEPT FISH..LOL
What the Cronides just said - Awesome answer!
Not one man and two women.
Oh, wait, what were you asking again?
it might not be as normal as you think
You don't have a FRIENDSHIP to lose with him!?!
Aren't you a man... boy whats wrong with you?
guys don't really dig needy girls esp.
If he said he had never had sex with his wife, believe him.
Or else he loves being around you.
Making love by having sex with someone you care about deeply.
Im so tired of men who do act grown up.
first you have to say the word fuck , not copulate
Try speaking proper English without all that stupid ghetto slang..get a job...take care of yourself..get a car....and look hot...
i prefer on the phone because you ca get hit that way.
If you don't know what one is , then you haven't had one and you will know when you have!
according to what state she is in.be friends wait till she is 18 .
Dating isn't really too hard ... rejection is ... but don't take it personally.
if you don't like her , then tell her it is the right thing to do ;(
stab him . You are your own person .
Yeah you will wonder but its true.
The sexiest piece of clothing on the planet lol.
So You must say two words.....TOUGH LOVE.
a lot of practice and a little mono.
There there There is nothing you can do .
so first off , take a step back and think about how long you will be married to this guy.
hey you can't change someone that doesn't want to change.
if they do enough things , then you wo be in love with them anymore.
just like with all men , they have some that are sweet and some that are jacka**es .
It should not be a big deal to him...
It's time to walk the (married!
if he talks back and tries to flirt with you, then you know he is probably talking to other people.
Make it perfectly clear to him that they are friends, and that's it.
I guess I was kind of off that night.
Chances are she has heard it b4 too.
thats just how they are :( its a shame lol
But He is getting married this month.
Why don't women just say they like us?
but be safe , watch out for the shady boys.
As time goes, by She said to me It was good that she didn't ask.
is it is not necessarily that he likes you , but he always decides what your heart says to you
and I get all mushy feeling inside every time he calls me that.
Hunnie looks like you stunk between a rock and a hard place .
A walk in the park (it is so cold, most people will stay at home).
If I'm not in that place in my life, then 'NO FRIGGING WAY!!!
cause they get bored or find something even better
sure they can.. and it is great if you can just stay dat way...
first timers beware of the walls and closets they hurt.
if they look at you, they probably like you!
a woman has something called an egg.
Here's some good things for you and I hope they help.
trying different positions..role play do some crazy stuff .
I am totally straight , just have a thing for the feel and look.
AND THE BEST ONE YET: Who's that?
My mom's birthday is coming up.
he just try to give you space.
I Btw I 'm in college and I 'm 19.
tell me Why come on chop chop quick quick Snell
just see if he's at all interested.
give it time and get over the guy.
is Your question : How will you make them improve
Look...You don't have to have a boyfriend yet to have fun with life.
You just seem like a jerk at that point.
yes new girlfriend 2. She's got 2 yrs.
she has to be a 7.5-9.5. unless I REALLY like her.
Your parents do like your boyfriend . , they probably have a reason.
We BOTH AGREED THAT SHE would SEE or HANG OUT WITH HER FRIENDS UNTIL March 1.
u never know who they really are.
i did this recently and it was THE BEST EVER!!
Hey, try not to worry about it too much.
usually at school, that's how I found my ex!!
If he does that makes things easier.
Yes, and even more if they are beautiful on top of it....
Turn them face down - Oh and pull their hair and a little smack on the bottom couldn't hurt!
What are some qualities that girls see first in guys?
if you suspect, most likely he does.
anybody can be totally hot but still be a big loser!!
honestly You have to say and it may sound bad , but let it ride out.
No matter where you go , believe me you will see a sexy sexy man .
Is THERE ANYTHING ELSE I CAN HELP WITH??
sugar in a gas tank or glue his dick to his stomach with super-glue
Ask him if you can be friends.
it's not really worth it waiting until you are much older . That's just advice from a dad.
good luck trying to pull that off.
what you need to do is hire an att.
I say, that if you love her then there is nothing at all wrong with it.
not when you are 21 . Even then , dad always knows what is best .
The list goes on and on...
Oh That's my cousin and her nickname is Her.
I mean u 'm really into him!
i like to make friends with her
First questions for you: 1.How old are you?
Ask him....then you can move to the next guy or next level
If not , it is pretty unreasonable for you to ask her not to drink.
or maybe a massage to calm her nerves , then fuck the hell out of her!!
If you have to ask , then you are not in love.
i in Joshua, based in Nigeria.
I married when I was 22 and I am happy that I did.
Thats up to you, if you want to do it, if you don't.
(I'm one of 'em and I can say that it's fun!)
Think of yourself, Don't you have any good/close friends that are girls or vice-versa ??
That just cracks me up... thanks man, I needed that.
im a great kisser . says my bf haha
go to Africa, be nice, be rich and buy one.
she told me how regretful she was and how much she loved and missed me?
there must be evidence if you want to divorce.
And you get half of everything he has!!
then any time you think about him and start to like him again, REMEMBER THOSE THINGS.
If she has been responsible for it, I don't see why not.
i don't know what to say in this box bye
get over it . He loves you.
laugh with his dumb jokes if he is a class clown.
but you will most likely remember this girl for the rest of your life.
excitement... fantasy.... but it's all nonsense, truth is he's bored...
if it 's attention you want and he 's not giving it then you need to get a new man
she's still young and still has time.
What did for me was I found the guy she was dating and I kicked him a$$.
a place where naked women dance for ...
he met her on an internet site.
You wouldn't want him to die before your kids go off to college!!
My boyfriend just broke up with me.
And to forget about ever being with him...PERIOD!
Got it wrong...that's an understatement of the year...YOU ARE HOT SPICY...MMMMM!!!
But believe me , you are young and not all guys do things like this.
just what you do, don't brag to your friend, it always ends up ditching.
give him the time of his life
she used protection and she tested. it
try it honey, who knows she is just waiting for you no wrong with trying..GO FOR IT...
I like this guy, I'm going to call him Joe.
if you like that person so much , then dun fuckin care what people say.
ok , so I just enrolled in this new high school and 'm sort of shy there.
Hon, aren't you a tad young to be getting married?
Many will tell you it's no big deal...because they already gave theirs away.
I think she pretty much summed it up right there!!!
The only reason you would not have sex with her is because you would get fired???
First of all, are you a guy or girl??
look your best and go out in the world.
you might, and you might not.
then they will come to you.
are some ways to spice up my relationship and make it irresistable
force hair to have crazy sex and show him what you got.
IF YOU TRY TO RUSH HIM , YOU MAY PUSH HIM AWAY , SO BE careful
or do your own detective work, or hire a detective.
Although the older ladies do mind if you tell them that.
And My parents really didn't like that!
no one's young or old enough to be in love..but honey, you are too young to be married..believe me!
the wife unless you really have some stuff or unless she is not contesting the divorce.
hes a year older than me
not sure but it may be 18
no matter what she will either find out or she will just see it in your eyes.
if your friend was a real friend , she should understand
if nothing downloaded it's probably her realizing that fart stinks.
He seems like he's a bit disturbed...run like hell
but you trying to change who someone is , that is your place to do so .
And The best thing a husband expects from his wife is that she never go shopping..hahahahhha:))
plant in a plant holder that he likes...say a car or a beer can...just kidding.
Guys do it too, so its definitely not limited to women!
tell him to close his eyes and describe you!
What was a really cool way to meet someone special?
Ask him if he loves you or that Gold Digger.Tell your neighbor that .
and In the end , just say hope to see you again.
NO!IT'S NOT HEALTHY FOR A RELATIONSHIP,THE FOUNDATION WILL SOONER OR LATER CRUMBLE AND WITTER AWAY.
no its not bad as long as its not your mom or dad
If not, you might be too young.
just be careful about the men you choose.
i was 13 and it was the worst date of my life..
You think you loved him once, why?
Just don't overdo it or you might scare him away.
Or I suppose you could pay like 200rs in front of palakha :P
Except Of course, if you only want to marry them to enhance your .....
Then throw him one... What DO YOU THINK OF ME HAVING A BOYFRIEND?
and a walk in the park.
he said we clicked so well and blah blah blah.
(I've tried telling them, but they just get pissed off at me!)
and then...how long after the first date to go out?
I used to stare at her a lot and she'd occasionally catch me (im shy).
months have gone by, If you do want a fire to go out, you need to feed it.
but He is not there yet, he's not ready for a full commitment yet.
No matter what anybody tells you here.
I like lips on a girl.
Nope you gonna have to do some serious soul searching.
Tell her She needs to give it a few good years.
Say: I care about my boyfriend.
at all costs, avoid self-help books!
And everyone is trying to tell me what to do, and I hate it.
It seems as if all the good ones are either taken or I just can't find one.
I think we all have those days, hang in there, and don't let the bad days get you down!!
i do hope ladies with that mindset won't lose hope.
Tell him, Thank you for the concern, but do TELL ME WHAT TO DO!
do be afraid to express to him how you really feel
do you want to be with him, tell him their guy friends, he doesnt have control over you
look her right in the eye and tell her how you feel.
might as well just flash them a couple bucks and tell them how they can earn it!
girls kicking guys in the balls to outright hurt them.
Is Is Is it in their name, or his?
how do they do it..do they do it the way we do..watch our ass leave?
so just be yourself . have great confidence in yourself .
Hey, I'm a boring family guy... what did you expect?
they are the sweetest men I have ever met.
If he is cheating on you , then dump him.
just flirt with her and she'll catch on
but if he does notice , then say to him that the way you feel about him and the poor
Jessica Alba - I like that actress ;) But I would never cheat on the girl I love.
The thing that cares more is that you are gonna be happy with that guy
because I can see myself in them.
DUMP HIM AND DO WHAT YOU WANT TO DO!
Girls can chase me all they want . lol
hope It will go great for you!
God up there smoking on the blunt while creating them....god forgive me...
You asking her to do things that are not reasonable, then you get mad when she doesn't do them.
No way man, not at all.
( I know my mom died )
Best not to drag it out and lead her on.
Yes, don't let anyone hold you hostage like that.
And If he is a rage aholic , you are in bigger trouble.
It sounds like he just wants to be friends with benefits , both want different things .
never ask here to ask a real Doctor
Every person more or less doing this, don't worry.
{wit ur b~friend or ur g~friend}
b) If you got it without your parents ' permission , it is illegal .
seriously, what have you got to lose.
that Not all girls are nice or good people .
The relationship didn't work out , but I loved all 4 of the ladies.
if you see a nice girl...that is a nice place....goahead and meet....good luck
Sorry, that's just the way things work out.
get over it and move on, and never cheat again stupid
man I too have the same problem . Help
Is it look like a circumsized penis?
he will come when he sees you do care about him.
I'm 18 and I want to get married right now.
if he is like me , I just hate to be nagged as I walk in the door from work.
this is where shower sex comes in.
If you think that there is possibility to ask for the signs.....GET OUT NOW!!
But, humans are not wired that way and are meant to be with one person (not many).
Don't go look for the guy.
wait until you are 16 to date.
!hug her , kiss her and make her feel wanted.
the sign of cheating is when your man smells like ass!
I don't care if he's a movie star!
Flirt with him and see how he reacts..
I I I am not a violent person . I do even spank my kids.
She doesn't look too bad and gave you xo's!
girls like flowers , treat them nice and you get it in return
I stopped seeing her myspace (don't I I want to stalk her).
i like facial hair on a guy.
Ask him if he likes you.
WHAT WOMEN DON,T HAVE AND PROBABLY MEN GOT IT.
Yes I would go out with her.
I want to have sex with you.
you will live , but if you love this person a lot , try to get your real ship back with him/her
18 years old.... 2. works at a liquor store 3. got strict grandma and gotta listen to her.
just tell her not to be scared to do it , but the truth sucks .
outside the door, outside the window?
IF HE HASN'T ASKED YOU YET , THEN HE PROBABLY ISN'T READY.
Listen to the girl above me . She said what I was gonna say!
i believe if it's done once, it WILL BE DONE AGAIN !!
in a girl, boobs and a$$
like her favourite animal or something like that.
hum, that's not so many... Don't think about that !
Just not seeing other people or something else
u are in the wrong category . This is love and romance , not the nature channel.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
So, if we get a little crazy now and then...just remember...chocolate is a girl's best friend!
lower down your gaze and guard your modesty.
its not all it cracked up to be.
good bye oh and god bless.
Sex w/ my girlfriend is the best.
Does he LOVE you enough to STAY?
No matter who you are or how long it takes god to answer , he is always there.
Dun care them,jus show out your beautiful 2 .
no I don't know what you mean.
I just had to get to KNOW him before I admitted it to myself.
but If I could , I would 2-3 x a day
How I find her now?
Should I go out here and be with her?
he will pursue you not the other way around
Second of all, ONLY seven?...dude, that ain't a whole hell of a lot...not anymore.
OMG how many times will this question be asked?!?!?
Once a cheater, always a cheater.
wow your dumb, talk to him
Whe you tell a woman you love her, she gets weird.
Don't ask him, though, for a list of things to do.
People in my life, that I don't see much, that has gone on, I can forget they are gone.
going out in your underwear saying I'm gay.
Maybe they were just pop-up ads or something similar.
she is clean but she has been with 7 guys.
It used to be a guy thing.
go with what your heart tells you.
Do you like chocolate or something?
im single, available and very much negotiable .
idk... I've got a general idea, I just wanna know what you guys know
Get her seeing other people...friends, family, going on dates if you are ready for that.
she can't possibly be a 4 tho because women are beautiful people.
i have been participating in cultural interaction and now I want it in my marriage.
Obviously you have strong feelings for this man !!!
I am friends with his g/f.
Why SHOULD I ANSWER A QUESTION THAT YOU HAVE ALREADY ANSWERED YOURSELF IN THE QUESTION?
because you to good to be true
hanging out with his friends . That way he gets to know you better .
make some thermite, and use it on the hood of a car
I(I'm a redhead and he is 2, by the way) Please help me...
I I I personally like Ash idea though.
To h*ll with that..tell him what you are GOING to do..don't ask.
And then tell the first person I knew.
If that doesn't work in a month or two, then leave him, hes not worth it.
Why are you going ouy with her if you already like her??
Once a cheater , always a cheater!!
Get him drunk and ask him straight out...most guys can't remember saying embarassing things when they sober up
Always do what your parents tell you!
she should be good in so many ways .
then try to find a girlfriend who does does have a boyfriend .
if your not too serious , then get him something he would like.
but I have learned why I am satisfied , why men do not like my lifestyle.
If you like her and she likes you , then of course , go out with her.
anyway, back to the issue at hand, just prepare yourself... for anything ...
baby girl moves on . There are too many men out there for you to be worried about him.
Just keep doing what you are doing.
money is not worth all of the bull shi*
and everyone else (except the 2 comments about mine) is right.
WOULD YOU LIKE TO MAKE A MISTAKE
It doesn't mean I don't love vanilla.
Talk to him to see if there is any same interest.Say hi, flirt & stare at him a lot
get them jumping and call them a dick head
(And men are just big kids.
It's all fake , just like Vega
and the best way to a woman 's heart is with red roses
if you want to make friends, then go out and keep trying.
B wants me to be his girl but he is taking it slow.
There is a girl out there for you don't look and enjoy life and that someone will come around!!!
it depends if you have a very hairy butt , then wax....but otherwise no...
SOMETIMES I WISH I COULD SLAP THOSE FLIPPIN' B*TCHES!
You don't want anyone ugly either.
so The rest are still friends..isnt it?
Good luck with everything and God bless! you
stomach all the way , a nice flat stomach, not with huge abs or anything.
it says:  just kidding . I don't know
its been twelve years since I 've seen him.
How can a guy tell if a girl is checking him out?
whatever ever they write them down.
Utter betrayal, then she woke up!
Then a month later , the cops were going to get involved . Then she finally told me.
What, it happens to guys, too!!!
i do like sweetie that much, or muffin, or pumpkin.
if she really loved you . She would forgive you but not forget.
Playas and Thugs go hand in hand.
Thing is... Boyfriends , especially young ones , don't always have your best interests at heart.
I mean I know the difference looks wise , but who cares really, ya know what I mean.
Yah, you can be me on luapro77
testing if anyone else loves me as much
IF YOU KNOW HE'S CHEATING , WHY ARE YOU GOING TO SPICE THINGS UP?
I mean, two mice at once, wow!
hope you find your answer soon:)
1: I think she likes me.
now you realize how much you like men..
But I thought I had your heart?
You don't need to get married.
just remember one thing, no one is the same.
you have plenty of time .
Everybody my friend litkes someone who goes crazy, even when they don't like her.
Just say it seems like he liked you and that you were just wondering because you like him....so on.
I'm 40 and my girlfriend asks me all the time, Why aren't you married yet?.
i have a friend who is 23 and still a virgin.
stand for him...& if you are through with each other like bad breaking up or something,u can mock that nose!
THE OTHER SITES WERE A BIT SLOW AND LAME.
If you only know her for a short time and cheated on her..don`t think she will forgive you
If he does do anything , then live him, No guy should treat any girl that way.
My opinion...no one is ever good enough for her baby!
i think it is their greatest asset.
if not the Kings will never marry .
Just The thought of a Brazillian wax scares me!
i understand your pain (my grandma died when I was 6) but you shouldn't lie about it!
Idk if you'll get that , but yeah.
I don't know if it's just not a good color.
do LIMIT YOUR SUCCESS OR HAPPINESS TO THE PAST OR EVEN THE PRESENT.
GIVE HER THIS LINK AND LET HER READ IT.
try them in really serious situations... such as in death, disease, poor .. stuff like that
dude, Before you know it , you will have another girlfriend and no longer be a virgin.
Tell him to get a life.
hey you could just come up and say it!or you could hold hands and say it slowly
For most men.....Take your shirt off.
It would never work on me, but it is so cheezy you have to laugh
Im not alone on this planet!
YOU is THE HEAD AND NOT THE TALE.
Mostly i dnt look coz 'm blind !!!
Go with Barnes and Noble They have some great books on that subject...K
french kissing but don't go for the world record
And you do look like you're trying to pick up a guy , then fine!
13 is too young to have a boyfriend.
Set it and DO NOT touch it.
no, you ca always help what you dream about , so do worry about it.
Its like cuddeling and all that shit.
because you're the best a man can get.
Get a backbone and send that foriegn guy packing.
Also does really like fancy stuff like perfumes, lipstick
i will try to talk to her and ask to be her friend
a party, invite a bunch of his and friends*that is if he moved from there*
Why do you want him back?
Trust me, he won't think your a hoe.
Would he quit playing sports just because you told him not to do it??
Pick up the mattress and rolling his lazy can off.
if it is meant to be it will
yes , but youll never find them
i'm a virgin because I don't want to be a statistic or stereotype and I don't give into temptation
Not really, who are you anyway?
i reading this on the internet, it could work for either gender.
good luck/ and have fun with it, . Most importantly , be creative.
I donno, maybe my girl is cheating me?
ya it means he likes you because I have done that myself
Becasue I think he accidentally got a new gal friend .
in the mouth (exspecailly long tongue kisses)
youll get married without even thinking about it.
OR, go get a job and a girlfriend.
not if you are nice and unjugemental as you would like others to be about you .
girls aren't all about looks like we are , so you should be fine.
it just gets easier to tollerate it .
Red hair also look... kinda funky and...
Do NOT to give up your friends - ANY of them, male or female - for some GUY.
Ask him if he'd like to go somewhere fun together.
i to live in Kuwait but I can be one .
Go see a movie or just go out.
Get to know her a little.
if not, you are not his first priority.
i fall head over heels and turn to mush.
strict grandma and gotta listen to her.
just give her some space and see how things go from there.
You'll find an even hotter guy who wants to be with you!
TELL YOUR essay TO ASK THE GUY IF he AND THAT GIRL STILL HAVE ANY SORT OF RELATIONSHIP
Nope, it does really hurt them a bit...
Ummmmmmm,I take it you need to get laid or something.
That'll catch the heart of any latino guy I know.
i loved our invites and the price!
money is not important in life .
you learning what your mother told you.
should I play hard to get?
IF you ANSWER THAT QUESTION , YOU WILL KNOW
I love him and people in love don't cheat . Well that's what I think.
Oh,and in the pelvic area ;)
And when you've done that, THEN you decide if he has changed and if you want him back.
im a guy, so I know.
just be yourself and don't stress
You say: Hey Hun, your best friend is a sl*ut.
unless you guys were separated and it didn't end at a true mistake .
I didn't know why I didn't recognize her!
GOD'S MERCIES ARE NEW EVERY MORNING.
How the hell can I know why ur sad?
you do everything he wants you to do.
Why any girl want to hook up with me?Where did I go ?
make sure yur not being ME ME ME!
I n't AGREE with MY BEST FRIEND FOR ALMOST a year .
How can you not have a chance?
i would love it and if you give me a call my no is 09871985706
Maybe hes just not into you anymore.
Guess I am a little bit of an exhibitionist :)
you could always kiss him . That will attract his attention .
i would definitely go with the idea of using a different season, so in the last few weeks
Sex is a way to tell someone loves you or not
So YES, I'd SAY appearance DOES DRAW man INTEREST.
girl Why do you give them a try.
In my opinion....she either she really likes you, or she is 'playing you'.
Guys are easy to figure out.
only if you think it is , but its not
especially if he is shy and try's to hang out.
Depends on what your boyfriend likes.
limewire or any of the other p2p sharing sites
we been together for two & a half years .
When you insult a troll, he wins.
gregg replies, Oh yes you do, whats left.
You're only 16 and still have a lot of growing to do, I mean.
from me on yahoo..or msn messenger
probably to squeeze their b()()bs... LOL
we're wrong enough as it is.
love , because love is great .
I just think you guys should wait until you can afford to be married.
omg I so understand cuz 'm around the same age.
But I always get him something goofy 'cause he's kinda goofy.
we had a big fight about lying and I couldnt trust her , but I loved her.
That way , kids will not pair off.
We broke up, but I still have the scarf...
Don't let religious girls fool you.
Maybe ... its better to go to Japan to find a nice Japanese lady my friend!
Just for fun and to see the responses, help me figure out why it is so difficult for me...
Just tell him I Love You.
Get married and tell him to eat dirt.
Most guys cannot accept the fact that they are ugly, fat, or nerdy .
If you're as hot as Phil Collins then I don't see what the problem is... :-)
Nobody ever tell me, I found out for myself, You gotta believe in foolish miracles.
no One likes going to one wedding after the other.
Women are different sizes too , Don't forget.
Blah Blah Blah get over it
I am 100% sure the guy wants you.
Do men really mind, or was my ex being a jerk?
no Not at all Why would a guy that old want to date someone that young
Well, it's important to love your parents.... but if you tongue 'em... that's just freaky!
too small the brain, too big the size of her head.
maybe, you ca take it anymore, ask him and tell him how you feel.
My boyfriend is coming over tomorrow.
hope Everything going well for the both of you.
Men seldom cry, they get angry instead.
I'd just ask, but everybody is different!
1 every day or every other day
If you like this person, and this person likes you, I don't see why not.
it hard trying to let someone go . I feel sorry for you
If you want me to stick my nose in it, email or styleroompimp via yahoo
my homework assignment due to 2mar HELP PLZ .
Girl You are a rare kind.
..................... tell him if he doesn't give you your children , you'll get restraining orders and divorice him!
Yeah yeah yeah, I've heard the whole window to your soul bit.
Cup cake fight (like a snowball fight with cupcakes).
Well, have you told him how you felt?
An honest, attractive, smart, funny guy, who's not used and still a virgin!
then ask him if he would like to go out one
Do you really want me to answer that
18 years is a long time!!!
The next step, up to you!
personalaty and their EYES AND their FACE!
Just find the right girls - it'll be alright dude.
If you really love your wife , then you need to tell her to back off.
I don't wish to jail anybody
just pray to god and let him lead you in the right direction.
There There , There are better guys out there.
tell him . If You want a break for a while , that should get his attention!
because I always liked her too.
If you have to ask , then you should be in counseling and/or finding an attorney!
try to be yourself and flirt with him a lot.
dude, go out and love who you want to.
do FORGET TO CHOOSE AND VOTE FOR the BEST ANSWER!!!
Well honey, 'm not sure exactly what your preparing for
Um... YEA it's a great feeling.
if he is really worths it, defend him!
My mother - in - law is such a Bitch!
I got married at 19. still married after 41 years .
if you have to wonder, if they are cheating on you.
It's like love from first sight!
Hey, that's just the way it works.
but that is because you don't .
take it easy and cry when you need to.
ok for the 17th time,,, it depends on the lady!!
then your not doing something right!
be your self and live life . You only got one life!
All she gone do is get mad, and say you're jealous!Trust me, don't do it!
So It really doesnt matter if you have hair or do
Tell her you love her so much , then call her again.
Best of luck to you, I feel bad that you ca see your kids like you want to.
I hope I helped a little bit.
What I did was make up a fake screen name and talk to him.
getting married when you feel truly, crazily and deeply in love.
you are too young for a ball and chain!
ethier your not that smart or you have problems , because everybody knows where they come from .
Actually, Most of the time is not good.
You can't MAKE anyone do anything!
If your a girl....we're already turned on.
Yep, a guy who doesn't respect you.
so just tell him, you are cute and see how he responses to you
i might be able to help.
WE HAVE A LOT OF WEDDINGS IN THE MONTH OF May.
i'm a virgin because I ca get, see it positively, ex.
I think it is funny that so many men spend their life scared of what they got?
ME AND I WERE TOGETHER FOR hours
well.... I would stare for a moment and then laugh my butt off.
How's this: seven long , 3 fingers thick .
SHIT I LOVE TO BE CHASED.. WHO TOLD YOU MEN do LIKE TO BE CHASED.
it depends on what more you care about
Where you guys in your life.
No I don't believe there is anything wrong with the age difference.
but it should never be brought up and they can be just friends.
Why should you be the one to tell her off?
We just clicked so well and I never felt the same way about anyone like I did him.
I say leave him,he doesnt deserve you ..oh my God!
PUT A SNAKE IN HIS EYE WHILE HE'S SLEEPING.
YES, GIVE IT A COUPLE OF MONTHS.
when you want something and you are not getting it means you do really want to have it .
they have lots of ideas on that kodak machine.
I know what it is like to be in love with someone and want to be with them.
i THINK GAY GUYZ ROK, KEEP IT AND do WORRY about WUT OTHA PPL SAY,UR GAY SO WHAT!
I choose Love all the way!
i know, I been through that.
please try to not be sad about your grandpa's death
because I do really care about you and you suck like crap .
anyway Why would you want to if he is cheating
freind I lost track of the Germany name Isabella
I say no because you 're a little kid.
!.....Flirting is really saying what you feel..Its okay !
I know some great people who aren't married but are still going on with life!
(i was his 2nd and he staying my 6th and I his 2nd)
Being Asian, everybody thinks I am a geek!!!
is she in general a hag ?
or find something new to do , like sking and talking about it when you have a chance.
ask your friend if you could back off fight back
i think you should do some detective work... but make sure not to get caught...
She lived next to a zoo!
Uh-huh...well, We've been married for over 5 yrs.
Build them up, give them a big head basically.
That only leads to pain for the both of you.
well I personally don't have a problem rubbing my wife 's feet.
I had one mouse in my mouth (that was still biting me) and I had the other pinned.
and any way , that's not poison ivy that you have that crabs.
coz I know that the inside is better than the outside
Well....she Obviously likes it both ways , but Truly Loves her man.....!!!!!!
:im 16, and live in Kansas City,MO.
take your time to know him well
Just don't play him unless he plays you because both sexes do that.
ask him if you could hang out at break or lunch or something.
It is perfectly okay for a girl to like to have sex!!
Isn't that why people get married?
Go up to her and say hello!
i eating it every day(i did).
just be yourself, and try to cover it up.
divorce - Bad sex is bad marriage
Life short for dumping stuff like that.
Meanwhile he doesn't mind friends hitting on me!
yes , because you have to face it sooner or later .
HOWEVER----i find him looking at me every now and then.
she says she loves me,what do I do ?
do always give in to temptation.
Just keep your head up sweetie.
do just say it unless he`s asking something of you that you know is wrong.
but, that is not what I used to decide whether I like her.
be yourself yourself if that's not good enough , then he wasn't the right man for you .
are you asking for fatal attraction to happen.
DO you like me or do you just want to be friends?
he do mind his lady is being hit on!
All you half to do is say quit bugging me about it!
The Most of The hearts you see are red.
just tell him you like him .
I started chasing it and had it pinned!
KEEP IN MIND NO ONE KNOWS THAT I AM GAY.
And it depends on if she flirts with you and if so , how?
How YOU GET IT . Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh I 'm SCARED!!
she does not want anyone in her life , but her kids she says.
As a guy, apperance comes second to me.
you can go back begging .
any dreams and desires (that doesn't include getting married and pumping out xerox copies of yourself).
She's been tested and pasted all clean and clear...
They can be sexy if they are nice and full
girl I feel you on that because my man does the same thing.
OMG, I would gasp, probably shreek, & then the polity tells him to put it away where it properly belongs.
deal with it, If you do want a baby, you should've used contraceptives.
i'll tell you later this is too long................................................................
nothing crazy . I im not kidnapping or torchering any1
Think about this... aren't men and women set to conquer each other ?
and I was wondering if could have been worse if they did like me or is this a good situation.
a friend can last a lifetime , a guy can come and go.
Now, stop doubting your looks and feel as cute as you wanna be!!
i need some advice to get him back
he also said he still really likes me and he just shouldn't have started it in the beginning
Grab it All out at once and place it somewhere else, like at another bank!
but it always comes in friendship once in a while...I am in love with her/him).
of coarse they have you ever seen a man looking at a Victoria secrets cataloge and drooling
he can't help you if you don't give it to him.
there is a lot, and I mean a lot!
Darling You are just 16... If you were your parents , I also FORBID you to marry.
TALK TO HIM AND TELL HIM HOW you feel , BUT I 'm SINGLE IF you WANT A MAN 16/LOUISIANA
so what if he doesn't want to go out with you?
This happened to me a while back, and I am once again on the dating scene.
yea, it 's really messy down there though.
Lately, I've realized that I care for him...ALOT.
ehmmm ...first try to find a Japanese girl if you can... :DD
Why is it so hard to talk to girls???
Because if its love , then who cares about how old you are.
well you got to tell her that its your guy not hers.
if you want to go out with him, go out with him.
To meet people that do have self - esteem issues.
well How long did you date this girl?
Or, you start having a crush on them as well, because they actually are pretty handsome, nice, etc.
i as a woman , I would much rather be the one to hold the whip :)
By the way . I 'm 21. pabsicool@yahoo.com
I'm a Lady, and Baby you better not ever forget it because I don't give second chances.
I was a vigin until I was 19 and believe it or not..some girls like that.
You can't make anybody do anything,u can only give them reasons to,then it's up to them.
do make it a line or nothing!!!
hope you find what you are looking for.
Do what you normally do .
I don't want my friend to get repeatatly rejected!
Dude, have confidence and chicks will dig that.
do you not have anything better to do
Because many people nowadays are just playing around.
he may be cheating or you n't turn him on anymore
i, at least try to be.
Or am I just being greedy?
You don't care enough about him.
You make me giggle...tee hee tee hee...so much cuter than that silly hamster.
If you are not happy with this person, tell him if he ca stay with you, they
AND WHAT DO YOU THINK OF ME AND YOU TOGETHER?
Your mom would be delightened just tell her he's courting you...
If you are talking about a husband or boyfriend , there are a million other ways
With me , It was worse . I used to like men that were married.
My suggestion: Give it a shot.
Or in other words: HELL YES!
GIRL You SHOULDN'T RUSH THINGS LIKE THAT.
Ten Grand could get someone killed.
hang around him but don't be too cklicky
it should not be that way.
Then Only then will you know why they stare at you so much.
well girl, you need to let her find out for self.
Nope but I live in OKC.
I think it will be a handful for me!!
do doing that . He will always be near , never forget him . U just have to accept he is gone .
is it strange emails or text messages you finding?
What else can you do if yes?
Don't go overboard and freak her out.
If you like yourself , forget what any one else says.
but I think a cute gift would be a hamster!
now y ou see my younger brother is gay and he is mad cool.
It no It it is more like not being trueful to your boyfriend
Sorry I couldn't be more
Don't worry about the grrrs, they LOVE us bad boys.
especially A goatee looks so incredibly sexy on a guy.
i agree friends can become lovers, but with how many of them?
and if a girl asks , just be honest about it.
Dump him and come to me
set him in strait before things get serious
I mean and I think...he pulled me back from the worst situation I had ever been through.
Women like bodies just as much as guys do.
Tell her to be more serious about it . He is not worth fighting over.
depends on when you hookup , is it for sex?
they treating chics how they want be treated.
How come most girls like guys with red hair?
I trust her 100% and I want her to know that.
depends on the guy , and his likes/dislikes.
Should I give him / us that chance?
Of course, I'm more of a butt man anyway.
You have to just tell her.
Like, Baby, I understand, I am sorry, Things will be OK...ETC.
chasing him or her aur investication that's it or give love and ask
Most of us are pretty easily like that!
dump his ass, you deserve better
When a girl likes you , She is usually shy, and you can see her looking a lot
I am not too sure what it is you are asking...
you out of order , Fancy mate 's boyfriend
And He sounds like a control freak.
~Margaret Smith Don't knock masturbation - it's sex with someone I love.
well you no guys if they could prob.
are you being an April fool.
She thinks it's fun to see if she can get them.
but I'm nervous and don't know if I should.
a baby sitter if they have kids, or a nice hotel room rental
its so much fun and besides, who just wants a plain old kiss?!?!
gross . That almost like u and ur cousin having sex if you two already done Grosss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
for example a shirt or sweat shirt
Wouldn't you want the same thing if your husband cheated on you??
and see how you feel, time will tell
But do not try to break them up, or she will not like you and he certainly will not.
We deal with men, you got to deal with us!!!
other fish in the sea.... move on . He's not the only guy on earth.
Don't worry though, mine is horrible too.
And DON'T eat too much ice cream.
Ask him and save him the trouble
if Sumthin good happens , then I guess sumthin good happens.
This woman sounds like a homewrecking predator .
I need to hide my car.
we only share 3 children and nothing else.
In my opinion , I do not think it's OK to be gay.
Either one will get you in deep crap.
im in the same situation w/ more time from the break
I'm like 8.5 so I wouldn't.
you don't, he is the one making the move first
he asked me if we had any peanuts to eat.
you just avoide him and he will come .
aND COULD WE PLEASE STOP WITH these man CHEAT, ?
*UPDATED* I can't solve your problem.
be yourself yourself and if that is no good , he is the right man for you.
I'm a libra too... falling in love is like breathing for us ;)
This one I know, but I don't really.
ho yourself up and rock his world and he'll forget the other girl!
he keeps telling me that he loves them , but I 'm afraid that he wo wait till I go back!!
well , how old or if you still live with them , then no love , not forever , but family is
Read the words......'now I want you here with me from tonight until the end of time'.
I feel like I don't have a social life anymore.
I hope this helps, God bless you!
that way better than some stupid line most women even like.
Why would he do this if he had nothing to hide?
I shouldn't count because I'm a guy, AND do GET ME WRONG STRAIGHT!!!
do do anything , just let God do his job.
Just ask him, there's no point waiting.
make it a pair to be more romantic!
hey don't jump to anything quickly
People really don't think all that means stuff you think they think.
At the Judgement Day , for sure!
and just like others have said, there are others out there, and you will find someone else!
I hope I know so when you find out , please let me no
not all people like him , its OK if you just be yourself!
i definitely ca stand a lot of boys that like me.
Hmmm, doesn't one lead to the other?
Me personaly I think if you catch them in the act then they gotta go.
seeing he has been trying to get me to date him again???
I feel for you ... this is a really hard one.
he doesn't know what he's issing.
that is the question.......... well , ask him if he means going as friends or as a date.
Both of them, It really does not depend on gender, but on each person
That's exactly why guys can't just squeeze girls' boobs because they'll surely like it.
Too Big: her love for her hubby Too Small: her tolerance of his ignorance
It sounds stupid, but it got me out of trouble once!
Have you trying to kiss her?
i think he has some qualities of a pig!
But get out there, show the women you are available and what a great guy you are!
u don't need to date too young
i did that once-it feels awesome and acomplishing
he could hide that from you for that long.
particularly IF IT IS GOING TO BE A LARGE WEDDING.
What girls have to learn to do is ask questions without asking.
because I feel I need her, and I feel I want to keep her with me.
do be sorry for being young . Juss tell them yu aint into old women $!#%&*()!
Or posting your pic on amihotornot.com...
i am not married yet .
be there for him if he needs advice or someone to talk to.
a to read stars....find another way to say it
Bra & panty which do not cover anything.
kinda like intense pain being relieved.
Im 20, a girl and a virgin.
IS A GUY,AND MOST OF MY OTHER FRIENDS ARE GUYS
men and women are somewhat similar.
The first time you betray a man (or woman!)
Don't say to get back up on the horse, please.
Don't you hate it when people ask questions with questions
you should look at around you first.
hey, 've been going through something similar to your situation.
Likely, you have guy friends who are just that, friends.
i love him but does he love him ?
you have to recreate themselves first!
because they are not looking at the obvious
If she is not in a relationship . not?
Only Easy girls have sex in cars.
Once a cheater , always a cheater.
GO OUT AND HAVE A GOOD TIME.......BE FREE!!!!
i need to get to know her.
you are still pretty young, give it a couple of more years.
But, I guess that can go for men too.
i do know of a site, but that is because I like to see it myself.
And also mention that whether she has a b/f or not , you two can still be friends!
We truly either heard it, or do care.
If she wanted to date me.
personally . I gave my wife Irises....(that's what she loves) so ever since Irises are
Not trying to be mean, but a lot of men make mistakes again....
order one at an online dating service.
Yes it is bad, because you do not like seeing the truth.
My neice really likes this boy.
Lubrication= KY jelly or something similar...
show him that it is more fun than pool, or join in with him unless its not your thing.
with your particulars (tell me more about yourself)
I hanging out with my sister and friend's.
The V A G I N A
LOUSY EXCUSE AND SHAME ON HER IF SHE ACCEPTS IT.
Just n't make it so serious.
Just wondering, I do have any size insecurities.
Just tell him what you saw.
Girls: This guy I like, he's really cute right
If you're still wondering, find some gals who you are just friends with and ask them.
now I've never had this type of connection with another person like that.
a taller and more muscular brad pitt?
Some GUYS WILL TAKE A GOOD LOOKING WOMAN EVEN IF SHE'S A DING BAT, JUST because SHE LOOK GOOD.
women should do what they're told only if they want to.
FEAR AND DOUBT CAN TRICK YOU.
give up on him, you ca have a relationship with someone who wo open up.
She liked me and made it sweetly obvious.
do not get him in your life, get him out of your life.
I guess biting is just on your list!
Tell you the truth K . I don't even know
rubber duckie,buttercup,snookums or death on wheels
or 2 don't tell her and ca live with it but keep her as a friend .
I'm a girl and I am already disgusted!
Can you imagine what it would be like in 10 or 20 years!
do FORGET TO CHOOSE AND VOTE FOR the BEST ANSWER!!!
go up to him and get him alone with you.
unless the guy is really hot and then I might tuck it in myself.
If she aggrees then you do need to go somewhere else.
if all else fails... sneak out lol.!!
After you look at it , you find the answer to your question.
This BOY MIGHT BE STILL SEEING THIS OTHER GIRL ON THE SIDE, OR HASN'T BEEN UP FRONT W/ HER.
IF Today WAS A BAD DAY, TOMORROW COULD BE THE EXACT OPPOSITE.
it doesn't make a diff unless you are a doc.
Then I did it here at 16 and him at 24 BIG BIG BIG mistake.
go up to the girl and tell her that she can't have him . He is yours forever.
talk to his friends and let them know you are interested in him!!
if the 2 siblings are getting married and they are close, why not have a double wedding?
can you be a swinger and single, I thought swinging was purely a married couple 's deal.
choose one of them , the one your heart approved
Is it hot in here ... or is it you?
well for one , if she is your friend , she will get over it and be happy for you.
half price books on round Grove and Mac Arthur
HE DIDN'T CHEAT ALL BY HIS LONESOME!!!
That way , the kids do have to choose one parent, which is wrong.
Since your wife knows you better than anyone on the planet, ask your WIFE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
TO GIVE ROSES TO HIS LOVE OR SING A SONG TO CHEER UP HIS DAUGHTER.
well , first FIND OUT IF HE WANTS TO HAVE A RELATIONSHIP WITH YOU!!!
The one that you can't live without.
Tell him . You don't think of him that way.
guys thinking the same thing about you.
Like my Mama said once, don't write no check your behind can't cash!
a relationship that makes you feel better... fulfills your life and leaves you restless if not with your partner
SO I SAY IF you are SERIOUS, FORK UP THE CASH...
So I say you should stay home until you are a bit older.
i am 46 and would like to find a nice man to share life with any ideas
If you want to play sports , you should do it!
Yes you shouldn't date a guy
have lots of money when you ask her and the answer is Yes maybe,
I'm only 18 though , so I have some time
STANDING UP W/HER LEG OVER MY SHOULDER
Can truly be in-love with someone or do you really just love that person.
do looking for things to spice it up.
I love kids , but most importantly , I love kids with good looking mamas
Is THERE ANY GUY YOU LIKE IN your SCHOOL?
because men like to show off to their friends even if their friends are idiots
no , because I 'm sure I 'll be able to find a great male lawyer that will understand everything you say
Honey, who cares what all the girls think?
both a single dad, nice guy.
so stop looking , just wait to see what happens.
you ca give money to the one you love or ask them to care about you .
sending fake emails can come back to haunt you...
see them both and do promise to be exclusive to either, never lie about it, just omit
this is just not the right place.
just not too much because most women do not like cocky men!
girls have a tendency to read into things a lot.
the g Babay right behind the back neck
No I Woodn hate you.i Woodn hate you cuz I don n't
Well I stepped on this girl, and now I do want to lose her.
(you never said this was a reality book).
Look at a guy that likes B. :)
Got a pick up truck instead of a pimp car.
always choose to be happy even when others think it's foolish.
Never had without them , so you wouldn't know...but I will say that after thinking about it...whats the difference???
Not age wise , but job wise.
and see what they think if the guy likes you.
WARNING: Don't tell your friends about her.
A nice, hot cup and have a good conversation.
they got married for a reason , but sometimes people forget.
u must work things out with your husband first.
if he calls you or comes to your house to hang out with you , then he likes you.
or find something he likes that you can do.
And......who want half a person anyway, I am whole and do want half a man or woman.
buy him a dog and tell him see you later . Don't come back
This days, they say that they will stay...
if you wink at her and she smiles back
i do think youve really had what you think youve had.
Is there a set age where everyone 'should' be married or they'll be thought of as stupid???
put it in your bedroom when you leave and he arrives.
just don't do a heart shaped candy box or stuffed bear.
give him a dose of his own medicine.
because they always want to win
* space is for special reasons too!1
In that case, shame on you!
and Recently he's been looking at me a lot too.
i do know , but I have the same thing happening to me .
treat them like friends you don't see very often.
means guys will ask for it most of the time and girls will like it most of the time.
I'm down with Minnie on this one
Don't worry about it, just take the necessary procautions!
she my be testing her BF , or she is thinking about swinging or easing into 3somes.
and not thinking about how many boys you can get.
But I knew He was the one!
come to me You will forget all those fuckin asses who r after u
5 quarts of oil in the old
if so , why would he want more when he gets it from you already.
hello everyone, what is the main facial feature that you like about a guy/gal??
If you're heart and soul are in love with this man, then GO GET 'EM GIRL
are kids loving some one who has no avatar .
Peter meant that you 're a jerk.
Also She stumbles when she talks to you
Because you have stolen her baby boy.
she said she wanted to sleep with 6 men
so I would have to agree with them
mine at 9 when I have a boner
hes not cheating if his heart looks at you as a friend ..it's not wrong to hug a friend
Wow, this guy is sure to give his love easily!
Don't ask me how or why , but it works.
tell me what's good about your sex.
Ever see a grown man cry?
just keep a smile on your face.
And no , it does't imply sex.
you gotta ask yourself; Can I compete?
YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE THERE.
looking her in the eye , say hello, then smile to see if she responds .
music, movies are always a good thing.
So....why should anyone here......wery aboot haw too spall anitheenk?
If I take good care of him, then no.
try not to push too hard.
i cant tell you much but I met him in 6th grade.
Some guys like smaller girls, some like bigger ones.
I know I don't want my daughter to date and she's 15 . Aren't you afraid you might catch something?
You know what they say...if you never tried it, then there's nothing really you are missing!!
the men from Honduras are so sweet.
She probably didnt hear the line at all, All she heard was grunt, grunt, wanna do it?
a club where men hang out to watch women dance and if they are good , they get paid.
GOD IT AMAZING THE POWER OF A small TAPE RECORDER
I am not that in pain!!
then you should go and talk to him yourself.
HAVE YOUR essay by TALK TO THE GUY ABOUT THIS GIRL.
also, when your man talks to another female in your face!
how much new oil should be put back in?how much does it cost to buy?
So boy, you had better be serious if you even THINK you deserve to be with her again.
talk to him or change your nickname
for all I know he's gotten tons of head.
if she is , then just tell her sweetly and hug her^_^
ur id is 'kaw'-ish 4ever kaw-kaw
If you're single, and they're still single... then why the heck not?!
hey I guess it depends on your age , but go for it .
look deeper ..pls .. you 're doing something wrong ...
Atleast what I would do.
but guys go I guess several steps further.
There There There course , there are latinos out here.
If he does like it , then that is his problem , not yours.
im 19 in I love to have sex.
Whatever you do tho, do it for yourself!
Even if you need to take a class or get some counseling.
I figure he'd just lie anyway.
well you know what they say . You cannot forget your first love.
buying him something like cologne
but if it's what I think then because I can!!!!!
: metaphoric Baby, you know I love pudding.
Keep your pants on until you get married.
Boys that age just like to play.
usually Your gut will tell you or your instincts.
IF THAT does STOP HER , THEN IT'S TIME TO KICK HER A$$.
PUSH IT PUSH IT REAL GOOD
I tell her, Because I hadn't met you yet ;-)
maybe the night before , you saw a movie with a girl having sex.
you need just lord himself and God in person!1 look 4 signs son of a mother *beep*!!!
Give him chances, because you would want as many chances as you could get to make it right/
17 reasons why she should date you :) good luck
If she says no , then let it go.
that err on the side of flirtatious.
read up on sex murderers ' habits.
I just hope it makes you not trust all guys because not all guys are like that.
get friendly with some other dude(preferably one he doesnt care for).
make it special , unique and memorable
Managing a girl is like trying to herd cats; it doesn't work.
not really, you can pee just fine with a small penis, too.
What you want.
it is the only way to get through life.
THATS ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW.
so just set things straight with him.
Be surefeet by giving him hints first . If that does work , just say what 's on your mind.
(a lot of women said its good when guys know how to use it)
besure to ask him if he is guy 1st?
that is the problem, Don't start looking, If you wait long enough , the right woman will come to you.
I tell you I married him!
do Let the image of a Spanish man make you blind to their real intentions.
Don't do this if you are trying to get pregnant just to keep a guy.
sorry 'bout that its a_maclash@yahoo.com... hope you'd drop by!
he was as ugly as... Even shrek is better.she wanted to bolt, but she didn't.
unless you give them permission, but what ever you do.
This is hard.......you don't need advice you need payback....start flirting with other guys.
And every day she gets hurt in the end.
If not , then let your answer be heard, NO!
Try a little trick I heard on the radio.
The Butt doesn'tnecessarily have to be big (real big ones are gross).
r u just askin` dat to get to know girls and hookup?
start seeing other guys or keep yourself busy
Love yourself and have fun doing it.
stabbing her and trough her down stairs and all because of drinking.
PROBABLY NOT to LOOK LIKE A GEEK
i have no clue... maybe because they are embarassed to acting upon what they really want..
I continue moving in the first man who said he wanted to be with me.
Yes, but they are either gay or married!
I would help if I ubderstood what ur asking
at least you can say you are a happy fool , not a lonely wise person.
Look longingly into your man's eyes, and ask him, Would you be mad at me if I were pregnant?
It He's like 2006 years old now . lol
You need to go to counseling with him.....trust me I know....i was like him .
3: were both 14 and I do think we are allowed to date yet.
I want a man who goes to church . Oh yes , you have to a church going guy.
You can't MAKE someone love you & you really don't want to even try!
DO YOU WANT TO FIND A MEMBER ON YAHOO FI , SO MY E-MAIL IS KIKILOVEJUNETTA@YAHOO.COM
Don't compare it to anyone else's life.
they have as many if not more nerve endings than the hand.
That I am a shemale.... :)
i'll go and talk to her
I could just EAT YOU UP.
maybe you need to post more details?
How bout putting some details in it...
Spend lots of time with him.
stick on a wig... or a chest wig
make him laugh at least 2 times a week.
It prooves that you care about her ^^
They're not, Just every 28 days.
21 and he is my husband now
As far as money...Fake it till you make it.
Right now, we're really good friends and I would even say she likes me too to some extent.
im really srry with what happened :(
I listening to him every day .
The that It depends on what the definition of is is
sorry babe, you gonna have to give her some space on this one.
If he's fun and you like him...go for it.
Have fun and live a little.
LOVE & PARENT'Ssssss COME IN ONE PACKAGE.
Lots of women these days still use their maiden names, even after they are married.
Sorry, 22 is too early to get married!!!
no, that implies that you want to have coffee with her.
if year as a virgin , then think it through a little bit more.
You never write....never call...not even a Hallmark!!!!!
If YES, then, you are too shy.
i just don't know what to do.
Scenario: I am a married man with pictures of my child on the wall.
Get out now and if you don't, please have any kids.
definitely TELL YOUR neighbor THAT SHE DOESN'T NEED TO FIGHT OVER THIS BOY.
signing up in a perfet match and these things
No, only crazy girls think that way
This is sort of a strange question.
Why do you think girls kick guys' balls?
How could someone be born in some way that is automatically not okay?
looking in your phone book for your closest alanon group.
and yeah...there's no way that I would even date someone if I knew that they did that.
The guy down at time square that calls me George and ask's for my money...yes.
yeah whether flirting is flirting , someone just thinks ur hot
you making new friends who you can trust and wo abanden you.
love will come out your life , not money .
yes, I think It's like any other dating site, but a little different.
The The Next girl's dad was totally scared and always home, and nothing ever happened.
they get the satisfaction and this manly ego that they make a girl submissive.
do trying to be someone you do
what is meant to be will be.
If my man pulled some mess like that, I would go straight beserk on him!
give them enough rope and they will hang themselves.
You're not always gonna find what you're looking for.
talked I mean like you were going out and she talked the whole time!
dude....young chics are screwing older dudes.
Look at Clark Kent, he's no Superman...
NOT NOT NOT, Why would you want to be with such an older man?
you to be a vegitarian on a Valentines Day
Can I get some Sexualdicease without having sex with my girl?
Most definitely , I woudn't want to have sex with a little dick man
The The Only problem is, she's 15 and I'm, well...23.
do change to make yourself right for some other guy.
sure why it would be fun.
2: I do wanna just randomly walk up and say it in front of everyone.
i have a gay friend and he is so awsome!
If he needs that much impressing he shouldn't be in my bed (or me in his)
I CAN'T SEE WHY THE GIRL WOULD WANT TO FIGHT YOUR NEICE IF THE TWO HAD BROKEN UP COMPLETELY.
How can I make the girls walk to me if I'am bald man ?
when you figure out the answer to this . Let me know asap
he dribbles... he shoots... he scores... 2 points...
its sometimes called the ego-thing-you-know... let him do whatever he wants to do.
No, he is not a loser..and there is nothing wrong w/ being a virgin at 18!
gAY PPL R Aswmoe I WISH I HAD A GAY FRIEND .
whew..has this earth already typecasted men to be all that indecent?
Are you my husband trying to fool around?
'cause he wasn't the perfect man she wanted!
Did you fart... because you blow me away!!!
Anyways I won't tell her without evidence.
don't waffle or try to be cute.
Good luck with that, you 're gonna need it!
then get something like that- football tickets or jersey, music DVD, membership to a fan club.
you going to need all the help you can get.
I don't think I'll ever find a female my age like her.
be his friend get his trust
Two mistakes do make a right.
and when I a real man .
When guys don't shower, red hair shows really bad.
from experience at the time you think love but it won't always be there for you . Your family
Because girlfriends do really care about husbands after marriage.
this may sound wrong..but trust me, it works.
and I do feel bad if he makes no.
Be a queen get a king!
do trust ANYONE that you meet on the internet!
Depends on how late you're having coffee.
Once I used the reason the media!!
Yes, but I never go there.
Or am I just barking up the wrong tree?
maybe we are stupid, but that 's why women just gotta let us know some stuff
A girl with JUST good looks will get boring after a while, She has no real core to her.
i see him every day at dance and I 'm not sure how to dump him.....help please
ha that been said before n't it?
Well, don't leave us hanging... IS he asking you out?
But remember this . Once you cheat on her , she now has an excuse to cheat on you
But I know it's hard when there are kids involved
i dunno, 'm in a situation like that right NOW.
Once I dumped a girl because my friends made fun of her chin.
i have lots of guy friends, and the subject of sex never even came up.
a person gets 1 chance only.
:) No, but for real--why don't you want your mom to know?
Now to me , that seems a little drastic and all of a sudden, no?
Men are strange and you can never figure out what they think
Do you think my bf is cheating?
i know that if I keep hanging out with him , my feelings will grow for him.
Don't forget the song that went ... red roses for a blue lady.
if you have to ask if you are too young.
FYI- I'm 29 and he's 30.
how cheap?-howza 'bout making him a hand - made card.
i think it 's because they are trying to b UR reel mom
whenever my lady calls me nasty....i reply; you like nice boys or nasty boys?
My mom didn't know until my older brother told me.
There You There can use message oils and sex toys . There are a lot of ways to spice up your sex life.
no offense, but you really need to go out more.
Ciara was making out with Missy Eliot, hehehe
A love is when you w/ the guy you love,then hate comes when he breaks your heart
because if he's not, I will...
HE IS A HOTTIE (I THINK)
i still love my first love and still love all the girls I have ever loved to some extent
no they do he said call her miss wow......get it Bow wow miss.wow
god is great, but he is not going to solve your problems for you.
if you really want a relationship with her , you should.
always double date with a girlfriend, double dates, group dating etc.
I I 've never done it . I would rather say hey I 'm bored and need something new .
Maybe but trying to not be too hard helps a lot . .
i hate having people tell me what I'm gonna do!
im sorry to say , but yes.
i have learned why I am the way I am.
If you don't want to become pregnant,or contract a STD , then I suggest you don't.
I wouldn't hate you because of it.
No matter how independent(or superior) that woman is, somebody had to fall for her...
well, 've been with 60+ women , so I ca say no .
Just tell him that you like him too much to be his girlfriend and that friends are better...
YOU DON'T SIT BACK AND IGNORE WHAT HE'S DOING, YOU STAND GROUNDED FOR SOME RESPECT!
Something is wrong . All I feel is distance!
Some woman might want an old fat guy hehe....if they have money.
Mushi.. mushi.. 'm a Japanese girl!
Nope, but they'll expect her to make the first move.
Now if she starts looking at the male HUSTLER site, PROBLEM.
jesus died so as to guilt trip , so you can ask that question.
How do I make them stop!!!
If she isn't the one,she isn't the one!
but do just rush into anything.
Generally you do it or you do
Most women go by the saying, once a cheater always one.
i have an attraction to Spanish , Latino and black men.
romance with your mate does belong to you.is that what you meant?
Get a job ( If you do not have ) Go out with your kids, have fun with them.
no cuz they are stupid and their brains are VERY underdeveloped.
do it in person or on the phone.
He will tell you that he will never hurt you . He will..anger has a mind of its own.
IT HELPS TO SPELL YOUR QUESTION CORRECTLY!
don't tell him it is not worth it .
Oh, and I make my own money.
i have 3 years of clean & sorbor & a whole new life.
!mb she wasn't the right girl for you!!
Don't let anyone crush your spirits!
you should be focusing on yourself .
If YOUR neighbor CONFRONTS THIS GIRL ON HER OWN, I'm AFRAID THE GIRL MIGHT LASH OUT IN RAGE.
Do you love him enough to stay with him if the kid is his?
How many People Have you slept with??
My boyfriends is 7 inches....i measured myself!
life is a b___ then you marry one.
Also think of what he looks like and what is going on in and around his life.
Get over him and move on.
She invited me to go to see Bob Hope with her.
but don't do anything that you'll be upset about the next day.
I just sorta went on about my days like I used to and it started to get better.
should I just let him go on his way to trying mending the relationship with his ex or what?
when he sweat still hurts like hell.
come to him with a brave heart and tell him you like him and want to be his boyfriend
How can you not like it and why is it that bad ? :(.
make him jealous and make want you more.
wow, nice question you have there.
forget about it, why risk it...
no I don't, Heck you like it then I love it!
know how to eat it for a very long time!
either youre really stupid or youre just wasting others ' time.
His Mom just hugged him and said, And you never will.
find out what is that first ...
do have sex with them, buy them gifts , and buy anything unless they are also buying for you.
anyway the day after thanksgiving I was at her house visiting my kids and her.
Just do what's right for you.
If I really liked her, then yeah.
go Bich slap the girl and take him back
Best of luck, I feel your pain.
I keep hearing you pick the wrong men.
you want to get love for money . You would let love from your heart.
which one have a bang for your buck?
If you know of someone doing this, PLEASE don't hesitate!
if ya love him u'll let him go!
My BEST FRIEND TRIED EHARMONY, YAHOO, AND SOME LOCAL PERSONALS.
WHEN YOU DECIDE , LEAVE PLENTY OF TIME TO WORK OUT THE DETAILS.
So find him and he will lead you to her.
and move on with your happy life.
about 3 months later , my dad came around and asked us to come home to thank Thanksgiving
I really do love him , but he's acts like I do not exist .
NOPE HER LOSS AND PROBABLY YOUR GAIN
What are you going to do?
Cause they are waiting on you to make the first move!!
i really this guy that I am dating, kicking it with or whatever you wanna call it.
i think they can be good friends . Your boyfriend is just being controlled
The need to have it out on Jerry Springer!
Always try to listen to them though.
ther are just as many bad appels as their pears...good lucky to find them charming...
Although even if he does send them to you, he still might be cheating.
Like they say, Nice guys finish last.
i would forgive him , but my trust for him would be low
Move on, you're 13... Why do you even need a boyfriend?
love is when you really care about the person.
she is STILL trying to break us up!
just ask him and let a girl know
I love strawberries and whip cream...
learn how to write a full sentence . You have got very bad grammar
I'm also more of a butt guy.
if you know what I mean .
i met a lot of his friends and they are cool to. him
Act like I didn't see it.
uhhhhh.. 'm gonna have to say yyyeah.. Just being honest.
i don't have to pay anything?
Really we all know so do act stupid!
I doing pickup lines, just introduce yourself and keep the conversation going.
see if he's willing to go out with you.
U- You G- Gotta L- Love Y- Yourself Are you a queen?
if not , then go for it!
Don't we always want what we maybe can't have?
!ya uhh,, good luck on that!!
I saying this because I used to be this way.
Are you sure this is the first time he has done this?
i have never worried about that.
high school aged male is the one I am after..jock...HOTT!
no one wants a double wedding!
it's not abnormal , but most people have already.
You are the only one that needs to be happy ;) Baby you rock !!!
(To friend) Can I borrow your garage?
but imagine what if he says YES :-D
Yeah I think, but be careful.
That ignorant as hell that saying f uck u to her basically.
you are too young for a boyfriend .
Yes , forget about her p AST.
And then...you could get with Sheena (the chick above me).
leave them in the bathroom with some toys you can disenfect.
I find drunk dialing to be a hoot.
you really can't, I think time will tell
They cheating on somebody . What ABOUT HER??????
if you do want him in your life, restraining order.
But still 'm kind of surprised by your question.
I don't agree with that at all and this just sounds ridiculous.
It C It is very nice....D is too big .
act a man . You 're gonna get a lot
Say Hey baby do I get any fries with that shake.
Love should always come before sex (not saying it didn't).
How do I get over him?
its so unfair to both parties.
and There is no rush to I get a boyfriend.
It'd be awesome if a whole lot of really cute girls would chase me!
like how I get him ta look at me and say my outfit is really ya know pretty.
Ya I think they are engaged but I am not positive
I cook ,shop ,and all sorts of things.
if it 's over , then talk to who you want!you do need his premission.
give more info...bf that off to college, move away?
Just take caution that you don't do a lot of that in front of him.
you looking at the wrong area , I think.
no thugs even if they can kill you.
cover up is only temporary, and it 's not originally you.
No They'll just completely demolish your dreams!
I think that it is when their balls drop!!!
you just keep being you and forget about them
There are lots of things that don't even cost anything...except your time.
Don't get any tense if you are masturbating.
Okay I'm 15 . My mom don't let me do shit.
For a girl like that, it's worth waiting, isn't it?
some girls are shallow and think looks are everything , but really personailty matters
I had a girlfriend that her ex beat the Sh... out of her.
Girls check out guys as much as guys check out girls.
um...well he seems like he is having a pleasure . Well thats what I think at least .
its the best thing you have ever felt . You want it to stop once it starts!!!!
Hey gym , you suck in bed.
Just because one man never finds it doesn't mean that it's not out there.
Just keep an eye out, you can never be sure...........
So try and ask about her parents first.
They are all ugly dumb b*tches.
kicking over a few stones...everybody has a purpose in life ..you just gotta find what it is.
yea my b/f is a pretty decent guy .
If they are cooler than your expectations, great...
Whose trailer did that happen in ?
Yeah, like he'd even care if someone as old as me thought he was a cutie!
Who cares what other people think?
Sorry , don't mean to throw your husband in a boat like that.
or you could go to some club, like a sports club?
dump him and hook up with me!
let me know what you think.
Are you sure he loves you , not forget him.
you have to become a whole person yourself before you get serious again.
but I catch him staring at me during class.
When you scream at a troll, he wins.
cause you've just taken my heart away!
If he likes pool more than you, and this makes you feel bad, dump him NOW!!!
you know parents to know what's best for their kids!!
because they're men . It's encoded into their geans at birth
holding her hand and look into her eyes to say it.....trust me it works
the fact that people hate others b/c of their sexual orientation makes them idiots.
I think you just say things like that to girls, you may have some luck!
me and my best friend have been friends since 9th grade and we are now out of school.anything is possible
yes thare just hard to find
And don't assume what people think about you.
(I don't know of any, sorry)
sure I'd love to make friends with you... just drop a line or two on my inbox!
This frustrates guys a lot, apparantly.
Like She has the lock and I have the key!!
both have to work at it.
Because we are good at it!!!
How can I learn how to understand a guy there so complex
I do know, maybe he got bored...
BUT TRY TO UNDERSTAND WHY HE DID WHAT HE DID AND BE OPEN WITH HIM.
because we don't need them trained to say we're wrong.
YOU SHOULD LET HIM ASK YOU WHEN HE IS READY.
No It's not wrong at all!
take a chance , All she could say was no.
If it's his only you are outta luck.
* can I buy you a drink, or do you just want the money?
I would not worry about that yet.
date other guys work on you because your #1
Love is an emotion , not an attraction at the end of the day , Who is best for you
Do not let them get to you.
go for it..... you only live once
Yes I do and I'm so grateful that he did
they will always remember and falling in love becomes that much harder.
i have real love in my heart.
i love my boyfriend so much.
But I don't think I have really ever been in love with someone.
answer master has it, that is just not right.
go get a rubber ball and let's get this game started!
you're a little young to be dating , don't you think?
I have to ask: Why date someone at your age?
12 is far too young to be bothered with boy girl nonsense.
If you think he is cheating, he probably is...
he came around every day and called 24/7.
Laugh it off and say, Whoever he is, he's alucky guy.
jsut be yourself . If you have a good personality , then you will have no problem getting a decent girl
In love AND war , ANYTHING is possible!!
'm 18, lost it when I turned 18 last March and 'm addicted to it.
How about you ask her for starters if she likes you or not??
time is forever and forever is where you will want to be with him , right?
REMEMBER THAT Jesus WAS A VIRGIN.
BUT HERE is SOME GREAT advice TO HELP YOU FIND YOUR PURPOSE THAT I KNOW WILL HELP .
hell no, obviously you do care or love her, Why cheat???
but be sure that you love him and he is a nice person.
And stop taking walks with this gal.
I CAN IMAGINE HOW IT WOULD BE REALLY HARD TO GET OVER A SITUATION LIKE THAT..
If I can give you advice.
Just kidding... that never worked for me... Only time and another person's affections can mend a broken heart...
If you really want to learn.. then get out there and date..
Try to make 200 boys .. :P
Your Friend no matter what, Rachel
My guy mentioned to me beforehand that he found that embrassing.
When I threw up in class
i plan on getting my boyfriend some cologne or silk boxers.
Yes that is right , so just go with it .
and really I'm not trying to be mean or a bu ttwhole, but really stop doin things like that!!
Flirt with her, and then ask for an eMail and tell her what you think.
and 'm thinking about turning away from him PLZ PLZ PLZ HELP!
My boyfriend has been calling me his honey and baby for the past 6 years.
Are you just going to pass me up?
a fishing pool and a ticket to a great fishing spot
both on the net and on the radio .
Oh Course...and dude, you are Not Pathetic.
going to a disco and you will find many of them there that like to have sex with you !
You might be allergic to latex condoms or spermacide
you can't force her to forgive you.
Just hang in there and be strong.
hes shy and 've known him for like 3 years.
I over reacting or what?
Certainly not, I go out with many friends, but don't consider myself to date many guys.
with a sexy tone.. Good luck
He obviously doesn't love you if he needs to cheat.
enjoy it as often as possible
So, how do I do it if it happens again?
There are only 2 times I want to be with you...and that's now and forever
I noticed girls do check out, just like guys.
Hmm.. What kind of things does she like?
your on the wrong site jack a**..
just give it sometime...you find her.
i have been participating in cultural interaction and now I want it in my marriage.
Hit the gym & bulk up.
Tell her that you don't want to ruin your marriage, life, family, kids, reputation...
I say No, I do not love you.
Always...which is why , no matter how bad it gets, keep in mind that 'this too shall pass'!
Who says Braini girls are not pretty.
other than that , maybe they just really don't feel loved.
His voice gets softer (Hey, you) when you two talk.
ME,I LIKE CHATTING WITH ANY GUY ON THE NET.WHAT'S YOUR EMAIL?
It's nice to think it looks don't matter, but they most certainly do.
Why you do not shut the hell up.
we tried counseling that didn't work,because first we didn't finish.
it all depends on the situation , but I guess I would say honesty is always the best policy!
smile and let her talk first.
If you do find her, don't screw it up!
A little overprotective, but god, if she already does it at the age of 5 I will go ballistic.
But sometimes guys can be stupid and shy.
i need one too, but it wont come by sitting down , going out and having fun!
fat people make me anxious . I would never date a fat person
i have no idea...should I stop being more than a friend to her...or should I fight for her?
let him make the 1st movie more romantic and you are not too young to kiss
i found some lip stick in the van .
The best way to propose to your girlfriend is to ask her to marry you .
finaly I gave in because I was tired of him.
i was told that someone was out there for all of us.
My advice---> Do what love makes you do!!!
i'd say when you are ready,but I prefer 18 and up
Thin is to pick the skinny 1
give each other 's space , keep very good communication and there should be no rules when in bed
Ohhh, I did go out with him .
I'M A BLACK FEMALE WHO LOVES MY BLACK MAN VERY MUCH.
or sleeping with someone , but having one of them does not orgasm, is not considered sex , just making out.
So how about you ask your own kind where to find some pussies ?
Just tell him...you never know he might want you to.
I was wondering how old her boyfriend is anyway, Is he the same age as you?I
It wouldn't take too long . I suppose, something about 2 months or so wouldn't be bad .
That means around 1 out of 4 men will actually not cheat on their woman.
or do you like some meat?
Perhaps you should be asking HER... just a thought.
But a decent guy won't mind.
Well , if you are asking this question , maybe you are a little too young to know the answer .
because guys are pigs , hot jerks and physical features are the only words in their dating rule book
Get the hell out of the house.
if she says no , then respect her reasons and don't push.
if she does, Do you really want that kind of woman in your life?
hell yeah... some of the best tricks out there.
I 'm not saying other races arent 'm just saying that From my experiences that I find them like that.
Why would he believe that of you as his best friend!
i am more interested in the relationship, and getting to know my girl
because a lot of you ladies let them.
you need to tell your friend you like her, or get over it.
not really, because if they have girlfriends, then they must have something that's attractive and obviously you see it.
Kiss- 15 to 25 seconds(It was New Year's) The Mommy and Daddy Dance- About an hour
trying to live without a boyfriend for some time . It is better if you can do
(LOL I wonder if is it possible to have sex with your clothes on?
maybe cause you are a virgin
this is what you do.show him a little hip , a little thigh.
MY EXPERIENCE WAS THE MOST EYE OPENING!!!
I boy talk that means Hey Girl I SO like you .
show her you love her by doing things she likes , like getting her something she really wants or likes.
of course , she know, If she looks at you she likes it.
How much time have you spent with her?
And no matter how I tried, to be kind.
if you are looking for just positions , then get a positions book
Take your kids and get out ... NOW!
do let him pressure you to get married!!!
just tell her that she looks good.
Strike up a convo with him.
I have a friend who just became single and she swears by this.
I'm mean to the guys . I like this way of saying I like you .
Wow..this is one I actually know about.
a pretty long time . Just don't let he/she minipulate your mind.
All I am going to say is be careful what you ask for.
This one sounds boring and like he doesnt really want to have fun with you.
yeah I paid for my best friend to go to camp.
it is hard and yes, you do miss the person, but we have found ways around that.
hooking me up . I'll give it a shot...>:)
HEY SWEETIE I AM PRUOD TO BE ONE AFTER ALL I AM 13!!!!
I never had a relationship with this guy from the past.
IT'S NOT AS IF I WOKE UP ONE MORNING & SAID Oh I THINK I'll BE A LESBIAN.
Of Of course , you still love her and I ca blame you for that.
get close to his friends n b a gentle garl in front of him..make him c beautiful
the best is to be honest.
a long time...just remember that time heals all and you will be healed
you need to be upfront with him...let him know how you feel(like he's ignoring you)
love is age less .. love is immortal... its not a relationship . This is a tie of soul .
hey...i like a girl who lives far from me!i met her at a camp...you should listen to your heart!
I'm so curious and I can't wait any longer!
the trick is finding one that wants it all
anything her cooking , try to assist her in style in the kitchen .
believe in yourself at all times
Where can I find their website
My dad yells at me about it because my sister is not around.
i asked my boyfriend to go out with me . I wasn't going to wait on him.
If you just have to have sex, then move on to leave this girl alone.
gay men as long as they have good taste.
Once you get the feeling that you can't imagine your life without him , then you'll know
If I kissed a close friend I wouldn't forget it either.
better yet , mail it to the wrong address!
You could never go wrong with that!
no ur avatar looks like $hit
commiment, women who are independent and women who aren't scared to put it on them
The ones I catch do, I think, anyway, it's the only way to make them be still.
Yeah We love ya and all...but we still want to hit it.
How do I get him to talk to me about his life and how he cools off?
r listening to music rite now?
Those old-fashioned wooden seats just hurt when they splinter!
(faimly guy) are you a boy or a girl?
if the girl eats too a
Aren't we spoiling men like that.
i have always believed that when someone is gay they have hormones from the opposite sex
no.. That would be an unnessasary lie
Be honest about it and maybe the relationship won't end if you don't want it to.
If He was `` Love you are Start talking to her.
Do not to abuse two wrongs don't make a right.
Rub her black or something you know, make it exciting
or should I break-up with him?
Eventhough you are the smallest person its the average... 1 tablespoon...
but don't go out with him, if you don't want to.
no- are you an internet stalker?
step away and just leave her alone.
I really honestly, think it does.
Tell him . You are gonna be bored this weekend.
my girlfriend does, buy my wife does not
dear If you put god frist in all things , you find that there is good in men.
it's not stupid , You can learn many things from others .
becuase there are plenty of girl'ssssss who will say yes.
if she just wants the attention, Shell answer right then.
but First is that only in your mind or not?
you can tell after you kiss :))
depends on da guy .. but right now I got me a gf
not until sex becomes boring . Think about it .
the average penis is 5 to 7 inches.
But I've learned a lot about myself.
that just depends on how willing you are...to be the second of the bunch.
take my advice and consider it OK
i intend to end my 'adventure' coz I'm not in 20ies anymore.
i think every guy just gets chocolates.
(this can also lead to more luvin).
Oh, and if she changing her personality all the time, STAY AWAY!
Can't seem to get her out of my head!
its lot cleaner and looks a lot nicer too.
thats gay... If she won't then she is not worth it .
listening here to all of you people that do understand.
Have you ever dated a guy because of any of these things???
Ok well you are young and you just kissed.
we don't make love as often if at all.
IF he screws up again then dump the bum.
Eg : Snow White, Cinderella , etc!
strawberries and cream regular whipped cream chocolate honey, cinammon, etc.
then it is a good sign.
he lives far away and his best friend just got hurt really badly
pls your question seems to be confusing .
all guys show if they like you differently.
I picking up other girls and have 3 ways with him.
That They won't be men enough.
Walk up to him and say I like French Fries, do you?
Hey I have advice for you.
ya about 6 weeks in advance.
PAIN THAT DOESN'T KILL YOU MAKES YOU STRONG... Dude just hang on...
Why would you make YOURSELF look stupid like that?
Straight parents Gay son Lesbian daughter
Flat head for my beer, no teeth for my ****, Mute
personally . I do think it is cheating.
bet thing girl dump him and don't give him any!
look for another guy next time , think before you have sex.
and We should know that we are in love because it is a great feeling.
me personally, I find it sweet.
mmm, hard one here, well ur only 16, why not try to find someone else?
I don't care what people say, theres always a way.
don't b the other girl in the relationship b/c if she finds out & they break up.
ex: u must tell dem straight up Flirt . ask a friend to tell them write a letter/send email etc...
if the guy decides to go dutch to paying.
If it is ok for you to date, I definitely think you should be brave and ask her out.
Boys tend to make fun of you when you flirt.
I wanted her to say thered be some day, Be crawling on my knees, to ask her back again.
that was maybe the saddest breakup ever.. Honestly, there is a good way. to
OK, Ok, I know, not all of you are evil ice queens.
you do have to finish everything in one sitting though.
I want me a strong strapping man!
tell using bi@#h to kick rocks.
WHEN YOU FELL, FROM HEAVEN WHAT?
I find out about a little baby girl .
( What EVER HAPPENED TO MAKING LOVE?)
TRY TO UNDERSTAND EACH OTHER IN THE BEST WAY possible 7.
who cares what your friends think, they're not gonna be the ones dating her!
Either he likes you or you have a booger hangin.
just hang out and observe the other person,,,you will know if they are true or not
A Simple walk in the park sounds like a good thing.
At a very young age , I found myself attracted to women.
It happens to the best of us :-)
You Two have 2 beautiful children . God has blessed you with. them .
And if he still won't tell you ask him what 's up.
he is not the man that turns the earth around overnite , so how busy can he be?
plus theres a guy here who bothers me.
There There There is no way around this bro.
The The First PERSON GOT IT covered was 17 TOO 2 .
She likes playing games , then she might need to know how it feels.
Then ask her if she's seeing anybody at the moment?
Then Later that night , he tried to get the money back.
just because of the person who did it.
i do see why this is even an issue!
have chicks as friends and make sure the booty call is hung up on quickly
go ahead , make your own rules
If you truly love each other , you ca but you can still flirt with other guys .
there are a lot of things to consider here.
Some people do even know about search!
and I guess he was playing me out .
So why use it to celebrate a permanent union??
we left that club and went to another.
the All he could say was no.
You don't have to take it.
Male or female who can't get enough sex.
Like... - well, you tell me first ... , and after that you have some more clues.
Just try to remember what you loved about her.
If it just doesnt work...see a sex therapist.
I 17 . I 'm a Pakistani
But if she tells you she likes you, she's lying.
Then I saw him watching me.
if you really like him rather than take the plunge.
do just take the next girl to come along because your lonely
but here lately , I have wanted to be single again.
all I can say is you will know when it happens.
What does your guilt tell you?...
All girls are lesbians if you get them drunk enough.
Start hanging out in coffee houses.
When I say heavy . I don't mean 5, 10 or 15 pounds overweight, I mean fat.
go and get another mister right and deserve your affection and will love you honestly!
things that hurt, you know what I 'm speaking about).
just to get some random man turned on and then to part ways.
I love black men, though I never been with one.
I married a man w/ a large one, but certainly not for the size of it.
whenever you think the time is right
I need to have a life.
learning how to kiss someone is more fun in person than it would be to learn online!!
considering that, last I heard there was something like 27 million people on myspace.
THE WAY God LOVES US IS THE WAY YOU GIVE LOVE BACK.
when you two talk about it
im a virgin and I am proud of it .
i in Joshua, based in Nigeria.
thanks gentlemen for your honest answers.
I gotta tell ya it ain't cool.
sticking it in there and move it back and forth
or the things that cause conflict.
All you gotta do is just try to be around them more and act like you like them.
Im Korean and 've never dated one.
no, and do go back . It will only end in pain!
If she does love you, then dump her.
Go to clubs or parties , you will find a man somewhere
Hey, maybe I'll live to be 200?
You already have one unless she does too
Doens't work and you just waste your time.
its the only way to truly win him over!!
Tell her to use birth control
too many temptations...why do you think girls have breast implants?
(but of course she would) But how can I trust her now?
Would you date an ugly guy even if he had a nice personality?
If he like you, then you are breaking the ice towards possible great relationships..... A WORD OF CAUTION.........................
If you can't find clues, then get him some m and ms
the artist Van Gogh once cut off his ear and sent it to his girlfriend
it will twist up then break you down.
I that for sure .
lol I really am I guess...........
THERE ARE BAD APPLES IN EVERY BUNCH.
i wouldn't , but you can if you want to.
HOWEVER----i find him looking at me every now and then.
SEARCH IN India 100 CORRES PEOPLE R THERE
be honest with yourself and don't let others convince you of something you don't really believe.
But I am a young, good looking guy who hasn't had a girlfriend in 4 years.
i believe when you say you still love her.
who knows, maybe he loves you back.
So 'fess up and don't do it again.
Last week She invited me to her birthday with her family, I went.
you have better be good at routing days and phone calls
And always kiss and make it better...TOGETHER.
yes, only if I really think we will be good together
And plan on staying that way until I'm married... no problem here.
do good and good will come to you
Ask her to shave it..or at least cut it down a bit.
which could also happen if you don't tell him
so my boyfriend was really angry and he said he needed to go cool off like usual.
well,manthan..i guess you are rejected by girls,eh?
Well if your boyfriend does answers his phone , what do you think????????
Also I HEAR SO MANY PEOPLE SAYING I LOVE THEM BOTH . What DO I DO?
it is so amazing and you can do many things inside it.
makes the sperm stronger and faster.
Show her love... lts of it and you will get that back.
i want a guy who is honest, hard working, goal - driven, good looking, polite, and well dressed.
Guys like it that way sometimes.
I really don't know what to say but...
They love their father no matter what I think .
But let me give you some...
i can show you that you 're not.............
SPEAKING AS A LESBIAN, LET ME TELL YOU - IT'S NOT A DECISION!!!!.
So, don't give it and you'll weed out who really cares about you.
i've liked him for nearly 3 years now!!
i don't know the carat weight but it is the perfect size for my hand.
What does she like about you?
It couldn't hurt to call.... good luck!
going out there and start talking to girls
Dump her ass, get a divorce and move on with your life.
i would like to know what exactly girls want from boys?
do let go of your relationship and the things that make it work.
i say yes, it is not OK to have a married lover.
im not sure if I get your question.
1) How do you know that she never took her clothes off?
yes , by all means , tell her now!
it is really hard to find things you like to do . I 'm dealing with that myself , going out with friends
Except Most guys wo cheat for money while women will.
it would be nice if I could hear from some guys out there who I could quote.
After you break up with your boyfriend . You find a better one .
there is no question about it . Once a cheater is always a cheater.
If he doesn't know, it is not his fault & he can't do anything about it .
and if you live in North Carolina around Clayton whether out out of 4 there.
This guy said that he wanted to get married.
Have you ask yourself if you and she are both ready to get married.
I WANT A GIRLFRIEND,A BUDDY,A COMPANION TO SHARE THINGS WITH,A LOVER, A PARTNER,AN EQUAL HALF.
wait until they grow, and tell her you like it bushier.
Either way, have fun and good luck!
And there sure things will come out.
lol Just be young and have fun!!
i do really care if its when I am married or not.
2 It is falsely extreme, promising pleasure but giving bad advice
Ladies, before you start sending me hate email...
Don't CHEAT ON EACH OTHER 6.
....pliz dont be vulgar . This is serious
Don't do something you're gonna regret and be guilty about.
Hope you find your answer soon :)
Not a good example for the kids Hon.
hmmmm..... tell him but don't say you love him . That is not a good idea.
i mean , if they just wanted to have a conversation we could have seriously talked about a thousand other subjects...right?
this will at least start the convo off on a funny note.
How do I ask a girl that barely knows me?
But In general, grandpa isn't sexy.
when you feel yourself ready . Don't let one tell you otherwise
And don't worry what anyone else thinks about it.
ME BEING A FEMALE MYSELF . I WILL TELL you WE WANT RESPECT,TRUST,LOVE,MONEY,LOVE TO COMMUNICATE,AND OF COURSE , OUTGOING THAT RIGHT .
but do make it sound like you 're jealous.
you'll do fine even if it's not with this girl!
Anytime after that , you should just pick up hookers . =)
Honey, you looking in the wrong place, and you probably like bad guys.
Lots of people at that age talk about sex, but most of them haven't done it yet.
You can like this guy, but remember one thing: men are men, and they will always be around.
but over all .. variety is the spice of life .. Even women know that.
Oh wait- he does like you, but he just likes you more than using his hand.
'm STILL A VIRGIN AND WONT HAVE SEX TILL AFTER MY WEDDING !!!!!!!!!!
lol okay , but anyway I like them!
I still am a little childish in some ways!BUT!
I didn't know what they did!
I do know what to say or do.
... and send him a wink.
if he makes anny overly done complements about you , then you know
now if you are seeking a divorce and on good terms , meet her for your sexual needs.
Damn, you really need grammar lessons dude.
getting a new Gf that loves you and not call you that
have you forgive your ex husband?
all you need to do is wait and stop trying.
(I do not think crushes last 4 or 5 years).
Do you know what kind of music he likes?
calling him and talking about it....ask what been going on with him and why he n't called....
^-^oh and if you do you ca write to my friend , not me!
Still, I am what I am, and I'm really wondering if that is okay.
My boyfriend broke up with me a while ago.
And who said that intelligent men aren't good looking?
Does he do little special things just because.......not because he was asked?
IF HE REALLY LOVES YOU, HE'LL WANT YOU WHATEVER CHOICE YOU CHOOSE...LOL.
and You have to answer quickly,no.
all 4 of them are cute and kind.
my g/f dosent know if she loves me or not, Why does she say this?
no either they get books or look
I figured since we are playing here & I don't really know you I could ask.
the It depends on the woman, some no, some yes ,
You can have any relationship you want until you like it and you believe that it's good.
e-mail me for more questions @ aleighkins@sbcglobal.net
If you really mean to ask , then maybe you should do your homework.
I just want ONE women, period!!
If she is a part of your life . Why would you NOT want her there?
my but my it my b hrdr 4 . My parents 2 read.
I deal w/ it every day.
From a 4 to a 6.5 or so.
i would dump her (if I was a guy)!
I like them as big as I can get them and the one I got right now is HUGEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!
i can teach you for $20 an hour.
THE men 's job in my oppion.
if you do ask her out , you will never know what you are missing out on.
and they dumped her like, in a sec.
That's the best you can do.
There are ugly girls and there are hot girls.
yes it is half half, truth/humor
find someone who is not so selfish.
if you tried all you can, maybe it wasnt meant to be
all that the text said was kiss nothing else and it was from a guy.
It Can't hurt to talk to him!
Think this says it all: Those who DO don't talk and Those who talk don't DO
find someone who is not so selfish.
if you tried all you can, maybe it wasnt meant to be
all that the text said was kiss nothing else and it was from a guy.
It Can't hurt to talk to him!
Think this says it all: Those who DO don't talk and Those who talk don't DO
I'm waiting to get married too!
They have lots of flavors and you can talk about guys with them.
you will some day trust me . I have had at least 20 boyfriends this year .
being unhappy is just as bad as lonely
TRUE LOVE AND BLISS CAN CO-EXIST.
YOU SHOULD TELL HER RIGHT AWAY , SO LIVES do GET LOST.
so keep it and you will never lose
he got mad because the strippers wanted me more.
KEEP IN MIND NO ONE KNOWS THAT I AM GAY.
Make it romantic for both of you, not just her.
Well, first of all , because sex, what most men think about MOST of the time, feels GOOD!
If you find true love , you know it and it will be hard to deny or fight
It will be the one whom you used the next day , as a whore!
They don't live your life , you do.
but to be fair , ask if he could pay half and mom pays half.
Maybe she is trying to tell you something!
ladies what lines you have gone for and think what lines you have worked for .
But if you do love him , then drop him all together.
Be your self the right guy will come!
anytime you go outside the marriage it is a sin duh!
most of the time , it does get to know him and go for it .
Well, it could mean just that.
And you need to marry someone you truly love inside and out with NO DOUBTS in your mind!
becuz guys are afraid of what other guys think
i am a pretty girl and boys like me a lot , but it this girl that likes me to
'cause WITH A FACE LIKE THAT, YOUVE GOT TO BE AN ANGEL
IT HAS SOMETHING TO DO WITH A SWALLOWING REFLEX, OR LACK OF ONE....
And if your hair looks like what on your avatar, please please make it nice and short.
KIss THem and if it meant something then it was a great kiss!!
we want sex .
um only she can answer that one.
basically, dont be afraid to go out there and get him!
there TONS of gay lezbos, and a lot of people here aren't very good drivers.
I I I want to forgive a guy like that.
My snowcoming is coming up, & I'm not sure if girls want flowers or something.
Thing is, I don't know why he cheated on you.
do I leave and move out do I get back?
just get near him and be aggressive and figure out what is wrong with him.
but he never tells me what he does.
but if you really love her , then respect her feelings and then understand them.
buy her beautiful gift , give her the best hug.
Get some self esteem, dump him and move on.
check my answer for why guys cheat.
but was never given a chance.
we left and had good sex.
Look no further then your own hand my friend, LOL.
And it is too late to think about booty calls.
Good luck dude, 'cause I know that has to be a tough situation.
Yes, totally anytime that happens he might have a crush on you...
maybe just because you need to ask this question means he isn't.
do just come out and tell him, hang out together alone, flirt, etc.
not unless you seal the deal and meet up.
they just too dam old to have sex.
And I don't know... what WOULD the next step be?
up with you... How are you doing?
Seems like I'm a little bit childish huh!!!
and now he is tired of it and wants to find another sexy girl
There are probably things she will never do with you (i.e.
i n't say it straight to the face!
they might even adopt you from your parents.
Yeah it's the 21st century . Women shouldn't be intimidated by men.
They need to be told they are loved a lot!
No....not all guys like thin women.
Is it you or your dad who are living your life?
i m Foot fetish girl who loves to suck and lick fem feet
Once you guys are friends move foward from there.
and mean it' he's a boyfriend , not a husband.
Ok I go to my prom this year , but the problem is that I can't dance.
Well That's a pretty bad message to leave on someone else 's phone and your not doing anything..
My EX did that to me.
You just have to trust your heart , but you also have to think in your head.
but just try coz maybe its ur time to be happy!!!!!!
go to the cops for gods sake .. Treat him and let him go to a physochologist !
she always cheating forget her .
THONGS ARE easier TO PUT ON THAN REGULAR UNDERWEAR stud!s
Because they make you feel soft and sexy
Beat the hell out of BOTH of them.
but I think sex is the best one.
Guys and Girls...is it possible to be addicted to porn?
What do I do in a nice way to make him stop?
a new Cadillac Don't be cheap come one she LOVES you
you Cant If he wants to cheat , he will no matter what you do .
but things are best left unspoken.
Guys do find famine victims attractive.
If you think you are in love, you probably are.
and its not mine or my daughter.
no because they do their business in the street
My NEXT QUESTION IS HOW DO I GET A TWO - YEAR OLD TO STOP THROWING FITS FOR NEEDLESS THINGS?
hey don't worry....girls also get into these kinds of problems in their lives.
My advice is to go with the roses!!!
if he won't drop it, then the friendship is ruined (sorry) and you will have to move on.
there's no problem falling in love with your guy best friend!
then you can take her to her favorite place or where you meet.
i do think it is stupid or outdated, nor do I think she is a prude.
My boyfriend 's family doesn't like me and he doesn't care about anything it seems.
i want to give him another chance , but I ca forget what he does...
now , IT is LIKE WATCHING A MOVIE No BIGGIE
Go and ask someone out then, don't sit on the computer waiting for Prince Charming to meet you!
Just ask her to shave her beaver.
What do I like about black men??
It looks like everything, its your personality that matters.
its your say cheating and what not.
Get 2 no the real her and really see if you 2 belong together
he trying to tell you something
becuase your husband must be very narrow - minded
i would prefer gay men . They a really good girl!sssss
Us Guys don't like being in the frying pan much.
I do see the reason why not.
If you don't know how we are supposed to know!!!
move on Hunny there are better out there.
I I I like what I like.
Dear Katie, First thing... you have to ask yourself... do you want him back?
tell him to **** off . No 'm just wondering well . if you still love him or not ?
It's a nice way of saying I want to dump you
I ca get off this site, good job to Yahoo!
should I run for the hills and not look back?
Ask her if she knows what she's doing?
great way to see how far she is willing to go.
So do what you want .
yeah, Most of us guys cheat... it's just a matter of time.
Hopefully for both of you, but if she refuses , then for you alone.
You don't want to be with someone you can't trust.
plus the whole sacred sex thing.
YOU WILL LIKE IT SHE WILL ALSO.
thats when you say, I don't know, I just wanted to hold your hand
then ask for his number, then go from there.
but cant we all ask ourselves the same question?
i think she is pretty cool to ask to go.
What is that guy breaks up on you?
How should I show a girl that I really love her?
Well , there should be a divider for anyone who wants to talk about adult stuff.
a nice romantic picnic on campus
if no - drive off extra slowly , like a funeral procession.)
But yes they do and it sucks...
they will like it a lot better , then you just walk by with your buds and not even notice them.
Yes (i'm up for a promotion)
well 'm a female and I like boys.
unless it's just a random thing and you don't want anything serious.....
in your dirty kitchen , be sure that there is a washing machine !
i know dancers only go after big spenders after their shifts, so be cheap.
Anywhere you haven't done it before.
Or has the times changed to women only liking the hustler or rapper 's vibe of shallow fast cash ?????
But I realize that it was never was her style.
Smart women and smartass women about equally.
not All guys are players...some actually care about women 's feelings...i know mine does
usually some kissing, some feeling under clothes, clothes off, foreplay, sex
You love her . She loves you or you could be married in the first place.
Get your children OUT of that house.
it could mean he wants to kiss you , but usually it means keep it simple stupid .
I have no clue, but I hate guys with gold teeth!
It It's not easy to meet someone that will fit you in the future and he is my 5th BF.
if your a guy dating a guy... no help from me.
if you can live life together carry on.
I HAVE NO DESIRE FOR EVEN THE SEXIEST MEN.
yes maybe they are, or their friend is =)
there's a boy at my school that does that 2 me as well.
Can you imagine him/her being with somebody else?
Huh huh..they are not lesbians..they are gayz.
If in a relationship that you don't love the other person , then why stay.
4) or for something a bit more simple...make her 13 cupcakes.
(ie if she is overwieght or too skinny) I say sit down and have a chat with her.
And you say I needed to tell you something.
And once we do, we're no fun anymore!
and I do want to hurt her feelings and our chances of dating.
because some like their 3rd leg (in between legs)
ladies know when you are being someone you'r not.
I like my guy to know things but not be a brainiac!
hey, you know, go with the flow.
this takes just a bit of planning.
You've got to figure out what you like about it...
She loves you, she loves you not... she loves you, she loves you not...
I see him flirting with all these girls, and he won't even look at me.
good luck and hang in there!
That just made you realize that you want more mature guys.
If you like her ,ask her out!
we're not hard to understand, it 's just that you don't pay enough attention, We give out little cues.
Geeze it doesn't get easier, does it?
Then it's not fair to you or her to stay!
And I'm thinking size does matter!
Hope you get what I mean.
do go out with him, go for someone else.
And other things , so no
straight . I love my big dicks
it details if he is nice and friendly
I think I will go crazy.
I'm straight because you know I love my dicks!!!!!!!!!
I love him and I have a son.
FAILURE,REJECTION,A FOXY FEMALE WITH A PENIS,BAD SEA FOOD,DEATH IN THE FAMILY,CASTRATION.
I also don't care too much about kissing folk with really thin lips.
The I feel so bad for you....the answer to that, though, is you wait till they turn 18...or older.
please doing this and reading them.
Be sure that you don't look like you are going to mug her or something.
I don't have stereotypical gay speech & mannerisms.
I think Leigh is evil :o
go to your cities or towns public records website
If IT'S MEANT TO BE, IT'LL HAPPEN.
that is what girls wish all guys are different If you really know him , you well know
Yeh I agree its cool as ice lol
it just comes go with the flow.
Man oh man, I'm just blabbering along about nuthin.
You realize housework work and being a kid is beyond a full - time job, right..........
i like this boi and he's my bruva's M8 which is da downside!!
give him a hug or a handshake, depending on how well you know him.
LOVE YOUR WIFE AND UPKEEP YOUR MARRIAGE VOWS.
men are not into you unless they are in you .
'm waiting for someone I trust to lose my virgenity !
i like guys.....lol but I am a guy
so woman please take care of your man.
Anyway Anyway I guess, my answer would be the same.
that is the way it is.
p.s He's 5 years old me so I have to find out if he thinks the age difference in matta's!!!!
Well... why not flirt with them both and let them BOTH chase you a bit?
BECAUSE HE'S ABOUT TO GO TO Iraq AND I NEED TO TELL HIM BUT HOW...
sometimes no and sometimes you don't.
Its all about your game man.
and Most of those guys are romantic too .
If I meet and with a woman I am happy and don't need anyone else.
even though I 'm still aminor theres just some questions that have run around in my head.
I knew back in the day (olden times) royal families did that to keep the bloodline pure.
i am a bit shy , but I am eager to make some new friends here.
try looking around your home town not on the computer
Can you truly accept her for who she is, and love her even though she ca talk about herself?
Get your two kids and GO.
well it depends on the kind of boy you want, specify please.
if it's hard to be , then you will find a way to work it out.
I imagine it would be years later...
i know it sucks to be lonely.
Because they think it don't make em sluts and they give us lads a BJ!
If you put an honest effort into it , then not not at all . You deserve better .
Marriage should be about trust !
If you love someone,u'd want to be with them.
But, I finally realized that we both needed to move on.
Have their dog pick fights with mine.
no because if he is too blind to take your hints , maybe he is just not worth your time .
I'm not really sure , but some guys do !
Ask him how often he wants to have sex.
something like, if she says yes - honk their horns.
If you have not already learned it, you will.
you battle or argue with what he says.
I SPENT 9 YEARS WITH THE WRONG PERSON AND ALWAYS WANTED MORE.
Most girls do look for this.
not all of them , but there is a good majority who do... sickos...
I I I think you an Indian,,,,, Jennifer_mozaria@yahoo.com
Try friends fixing you up and going to church...K
I didn't cheat, she didn't cheat.
Wrong Out of all due respect to you!, I still want my way!
Talk to her, and be nice.
what else makes him easily be a friend have some time together.. Best of luck .
There There There n't many gay men waiting
My wedding ring itself has diamond baguettes (sp?)
well I think that you should try and meet other girls.
No, I do not want to do. it
I told a girl I thought she was cute one time and got fired.
bottom line think with your brain , not your d*#K. jeez go rub one off or something
he knows I like him , so tell me what to do .
this is the only place I've lived.
GREED IS ONE OF THE SEVEN SINS
If you think that is a little stupid , then think again...
a wise person once told me...dont go looking for love , let love come to you.
I NEVER BELIEVED THAT WAS POSSIBLE.
(it seems a bit like maternal love I guess :p )
if you were in front of me right now , I would look at you but you would not.
Well I am very sorry to hear that...
no nothing like love at first sight.
I mean, it's like driving a car, right?
Why should you put your life on hold because of a man?
some men ca express their feelings.
bathing with girls is a really cool thing.
tackle the immediate hard ones first.
BE ATTENTIVE, & LISTEN TO HIS EVERY WORD.
I don't know, mine was about 7th-8th grade .
So when my number two guy acts like an ...
i know that there is lots of stuff coming from people , but ignore them and listen to yourself
because most girls have low self asteem and most men are pigs, therefore most girls don't trust most men.
the same goes for us :)
She already loves you, just remind her why
just a little reminded that we still love one another
i think he likes you Also I like a boy too, He is so cute!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Most of the time , it will not work.
i have 2 brothers - I would know.
Pick the one you would most like to go with, and ask them if they are going.
I used to want my ex boyfriend and he was in another country and he totally blew me off.
did you ever think about that.
oh my goodness are you serious???
we do not like Wambam Thank you mam.
I don't know her either
a cowboy hats or cowboy boots
to tell you the truth I would want him to make the next move
girl...quit dwelling...find someone that worships the ground you walk on...dont chase after the ones that drop you without reason.
Let go of the love girl . It is 1 sided,they are other men...go get em.
Why CAN'T ANYONE ON YAHOO ANSWERS SPELL?
I AM HAPPY TO SAY I AM A VIRGIN!!!!
98 % would now love is much different than just lust and sex...
Just go on and put it out there, confrontation is underated!
Depends....but I like it if they put emotion into it , ya know?
On the other hand, if she says yes, then just don't screw up lol
The creative way I got proposed to...really romantic and easy...but UNFORGETTABLE!!!!
if you love someone, let them go.
a person that likes to have a lot of sex
U r 16 years old....is she 16 tooo ???
Not only am I myself still a kid at heart , but women are also!
Hey Guys I have a question.
if it's possible, let love win.
like a cd or a movie that he could watch with you , mostly a scary one .
Where have all the John Waynes gone???
There are a lot of jerk guys that only want sex from girls.
My advice to you is to move on and don't look back.
They came out really nice and I saved lots of money!
Did He had the wrong woman!
me and my boyfriend have been dating for almost 3 years
some men cheat because they have insucurities about themselves that they can overcome.
that is disgusting and if its rape/incest the sholes need to die!
God bless you for being concerned!
trying to buying...most drunks love a financial sponsor.
.....and that she might be carrying the virus right now?
he always comes back all better, but I do know what he does.
get him tickets for some of his interests
Next time you want to do something exciting, go bungie jumping.
Talk to him and tell him how much you hate when he answer.
He's using you, don't let him.
And that's just one online dating service!
Then I wonder why you should get married at all because you are not sure of your love.
love isnt based on looks , its based on how you feel for that person.
I hate it when these things happens...
i would be very careful of this guy not that 'm judgeing but sounds fishy.
His reasons are probably stupid,superficial and he would be embarrassed to tell you those reasons
but if you are talking about next year
Make it a threesome...better yet get your groove on and make it an octagon....WOOHOO!!!
if you're a decent , respectful guy, the right girl will come along.
Bad and mean personality, you mean like and Coulter?
`` Show her that you are the boss and do let her walk all over you
going out there and start meeting people!
Most men will go looking for what they can not get at home anywhere else.
He really likes it and he definitely feels loved.
What a question....you know what..think about this..DO DOGS NEED TO WATCH PORN TO LEARN HOW TO F.U.C.K.
i do know what to say to you about the right one.
All guys don't just want one thing....it depends on the guy and on the girl
So AVERAGE is where it at.
she's your wife . You ca just forget about the relationship.
Maybe your ex was the right one and you blew it...
I met this guy 5 months ago on my summer vacation.
I bet she isn't gonna find anyone else that's gonna be so infatuated.
it sounds good or it doesnt.
trying harder and you will find the right person
girl If you wait for him , you'll be waiting for a long time.
Maybe for about a week and then ask him about his myspace.
if he doesnt listen when you try to tell him, then that is a problem.
After all , you two are not officially married.
Sure it is...why the heck not?
but ask yourself this...does my wife love me?
do do what people expect you to do.. do what you want to do
my My friends and my girlfriend think I'm doffrent and loving.
H*ll yeah I would've been mad too.
not if you do think it is.
I do sooo much for her and all she does is complain if I forget to do anything.
Whisper sweet nothings to her - and mean it.
you talk with me.. Email me at Ilove_michaelperez_forever@yahoo.com im bi.
yea I like them to :)
it scares me . I do know.
then finally see how he reacts and well make your best judgement.
well...you guys do sound so meant to be.
Give him a gift from Bjs./
i think it is better if you talk to him if it bothers you
my my my my my c . My is my gf and net best friend .
if he cool with it , he'll stick around and be ok with it.
well try to talk about it with your friends.
staying pure means loving yourself girl!
Just focus on how much happier you are than them and pity them!
Well, Sweety I think you are too young.
You really need to concentrate on learning how to write before you start worrying about some boi- ITS BOY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
but first try to fix your marraige and do not give up soon.
if the person I like asked me I tell them the truth
Girl u know what to do, go for it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just one PLLLLLLLLease don't go skinny dipping where all of us younger folks go.
Are they too long, tell her to wear a conditioner on there or something.
Love in the middle of what?
FOR YOUR OWN GOOD , WAIT UNTIL YOU ARE READY AND REMEMBER TO USE PROTECTION.
that's how I got my b/f.
'm respectful and loving guy, 'm a romantic guy, It suxs being lonely, Please help.
Had this philosophy in life will tell my Dyin day: ONCE A CHEATER , ALWAYS A CHEATER.
well, me and one of my best friends like the same guy.
I met my hubby at the pool!
i think you should consider leaving.
beauty, because I do want to be with someone smarter than me .
i posted before about my friend's hot friend inviting me to her party.
you won't know unless you go look for it.
be romantic and , eventually , if you have already told her you love her.
I know it is not always fun and at times it is very hard work.
The Last time I checked, the vows were I do... not I accept that from you...
First U r Confirm He is Love you or Not.
and he gets with you , he will prob cheat on you
Her husband should be her greatest love..not her son.. not her father.. but only him...
Your friends might make fun of you , but make sure you don't let them decide for you
you know have her say stuff like Yeah she's single ya know.
do you need answers for this???
If it's someone you know from work... STAY AWAY!!!
get a life and get a guy not a lesbo like you!
can be able to attract someone's attention
maybe is another guy rounding up her, spying on her, lol
That aside, you should leave him anyway!!!!
no no no, I am 19 and I am a virgin . I am just waiting for the right girl.
If she liked you earlier in life, why wouldn't she like you now?
But if all he wants is sex and cig's...
14 days after her period .
It's easy to say, once a cheater, always a cheart.
and If you have a wife, do not do anything to hurt her !!
check yourself for std hurry hurry
plus he never talks about his life.
Ye dere is N I am 1 ov dem
It Takes a WISE FOOL time to figure out he was a fool...
starting by saying hi to people try new things . . Then you can meet new friend.
it weather it it's weekly, Bi-weekly or whatever ever works best.
What I'm saying is don't jump off the cliff until she does.
would like answers from both males and females .
im a kid growing up and dealing with the fact that my parents split.
there's no way he'll say no.
not necessarily I like this girl for who she is , even though she is skinny . Thats just a bonus...
No matter how tempting it might be, don't badmouth him
There are no rules to love - just follow your heart :)
Admit that, and you won't ask questions like this.
a guy said this to me, You always look good , but when you are with me you look sexy .
Next to her, I know no else
You are a female, God made you to be with a man!
A little crass to throw a party, so will there be some tears??
I had a friend wait until she found the guy she was going to marry.
Most older women don't put a lot of weight into all that.
some people never change no matter what they say, Very few do so be careful .
give her a romantic day!
How can I tell if she still does?
Well only would not appreciate it.
yap . It works as there is always a chance to miss one another .
If things don't work out, they have a lot's of other options...
brain first...plus some of the smart ones are good lookin too
Does that mean he likes me or what?
DO NOT GET MARRIED TO HER JUST FOR THAT PINK THING.
and someone else she loves is around her most
She is his EX , not his WIFE .
No but I waited until I was in love (happened it just after my 24th birthday).
Now about the stuff she volenteers for and you do.
if you wonder, he wonders whether to marry you too.
There really are REAL men out there who do not act like that.
if you gotta ask , then you must get it
telling someone you love them is something that cannot be taken lightly.
Now does his wife know about this little fling?
get over it . I mean youre never going to be taller than her
he dribbles... he shoots... he scores... 2 points...
I like to write notes..... but they do get shown to their friends , so I prepared to get asked!!
IT'S NORMAL TO WONDER ABOUT WHAT COULD HAVE BEEN RELATIONSHIPS, BECAUSE WHAT COULD HAVE BEEN are THE attractions
like a raging forest fire, yet soft as a baby's bare butt.
TALK TO THEM MORE AND TRY TO REKINDLE THE FLAME THAT YOU ONCE HAD WITH EACH OTHER.
Signed, ugly gay white gal getting sex all the time.
I DON'T BELIEVE ANYONE SHOULD CHOOSE A PARTNER JUST BECAUSE OF THEIR RACE.
they do not want to show their feeling,sssss they think in that way they look more like heroes .
but there are more women than men , which means more choices.
Maybe they're shy around you or more of a show off.
If you don't , you will most likely miss your chance . ps.
Yes, I do think that is too young.
What should I do about me and him?
and it put a LOT of pressure off me!
yes you have to pick one boyfreind OK
And make sure she has orgams every day :)
if you just go and face them , they'll adore you
Anyone will if you are a nice person.
Yes, um no I do know . ask her!
no way of knowing I do guess.
But hey , I got 2 points from you at least.
One thing that I find odd is, that he is married . He tells you these things.
trying dating on the web.
But yeah it 's kinda worse when it is Valentines day... Look for another valentine...
They selling blow - up dolls as Spencer Gifts
if he loves you , he will want to be with you no matter what the cost.
I can't take back what I did.
and how you can go about meeting that need.
that would be material love and it doesn't last long , so I would not take it
My boyfriend was pissed as I said in the last question I asked.
gay men because I do want to have my men touch other womines behind or rirr!!
theres this ugly guy who likes me and I do like him one bit!!!!!!!!
It wasn't easy, but it was worth it!!
therfore the fact that you know the word sin, makes it so.
no I am 11 and 'm here to answer and ask.
do jumping at the first one that looks at you .you find him .hope it helps.
I know it's scary , but you soon get used to it.
no...you stop if you want to stop!
And if it's both then you are probably bi - problem solved.
so u had sex with him???
No, what really matters is, how mature a person is . I think!
I already asked this question once and it had some really great answers!
U CAN JUST DEAL WITH IT .
Yeh it's normal , but if I were I'd leave it.
I love singing that song around my wife to tease her.
Back away from the boy- he will only lead you to trouble!
If you do, am going to get you laid real quick baby!!!
I do even like readers digest.
GET OFF THE COMPUTER AND GO LOOK FOR BOYS IN YOUR CITY,STATE.......... .
do you know I exist or love me?
of course , a guy can be honest, different and loving
yeah it is hard to hear but I do think you should carry on.
just to find another guy for you . I 'm sure there is someone waiting for you . Do let your friendship break
Look another guy ... so many guys!
of course , there is sometimes right where you wouldn't expect
its not something you should have to think about.
i think it's just about equal.
(this is , of course , a good time to really ask her).
but if I do find a connection , I'd date
what have you got to lose anyway.
A woman who is addicted to sex.
so email me at ocluver112@yahoo.com so that we can talk!
who knows men can be such babies!
Where or when (ie: at what point)?
Ok here Goes Since your a Female: 1.
And then there are guys aged 21 married 40 year old women
u just got to be a little faster.
sure , As long as you are a male 14 , email me anytime
i'll just embaress myself and otha ppl mite find out!!
Yeah, I'd say move on, because otherwise he's wasting your time!
yes...will I ever find all the matches for my socks?
you must trust each other 100% there is no 99.9% it wo work.
TELL YOUR FRIEND YOU'RE MOVING IN, and that he should back off a little with specifics to her..
I've never cheated on a girl.
look if she had given it up and you do want to wait fine.
Dear Do ruin your life ..
(That is if you still want it)
Go to school, travel, date, have fun.
I was married, I had the chance, no string attached,more than once, and I didn't.
keep all options open and narrow it to one race
but make sure mom is willing to work with that .
I don't understand what you are trying to ask..Thx
i am currently in a similar situation . Plus there was infidelity on my husband 's part.
Yes you will if you and your husband settle down, in a proper way.
think of her favourite things to do and her favourite food.
if is not working out why beat a death horse go for it .
everything had to come to an end and a girl will eventually come up.
Just go out there and be yourself!
24 / 1.66 = 14.4, so you are 1.66 times older than a 14-year old.
Don't let them get you down.
just notice girls around you and talk to them.
I had a friend who had that happen to her sister.
there really is no way to justify incest.
because it is fun , fun fun!
you ca stay because of your kids, not with a man like that.
You can have a 2 inch penis and if it works right it can feel good!
if he only acts like that around you, of course
i lost my virginity at 17. It just gets weird when you a 40-year-old virgin living in mommy's basement.
Yes, cocky and fun works for women, too ... be confident
just because you think about them , it does not mean you love it could just be lust .
make it worth it to her.
thinking about what is best for your child and if you want that kind of influence on their life.
SOme one like that is no good to your kids hon.
Or are there guys out there that want the samrthing?
you love someone and yet you do know why you like her,,, ryt?
and yet they keep going on?
you know it all depends on the individual, how you feel , ie.
If he loves you , he won't do it again.
go to askmen.com...you will find everything you need to know(the hands-on experience is up to you)
Do yourself a favor and WAIT!!!!!
if she says yes , then go for it but use protection.
Because men aren't wired that way...women are.
no but most , No one can ever really replace your mother .
Well I'm sure if you flirt with her and things of that nature.
we aren't.. Just clean your ears out and listen, for once!
I'd go for an IPOD or MPIO
so not try to have self control unless your marriage is over.
Play it the right way, and trust me, it works.
i do want my first time to be with some girl I do even like.
well it depends what kind of girl.
This IS A TELL TALE SIGN THAT YOU ARE NOT REALLY IN LOVE.
tell him you like him, he won't feel shy any longer!
No if the one you are involved with doesn't mind you sleeping with other people
wat do guys want from us, do you just want a girlfriend or for other reasons...
I think you know what I mean.
The 6 months is not that long.
have you lived with her for over 2 hours .
and now because you are not satisfied , it bothers you.
SPEAKING AS SOMEONE WHO HAS EXPERIENCED THIS WITH FRIENDS AND FIRST HAND...RUN...
Might even be nice if she decided it was a 50/50 kinda thing.
So what was it for you that made the sparks fly and you know LOVE had slapped you?
Good luck and keep your head up.
OK . That means just try it.
girls gotta do what they gotta do.
it will not work like that.
No it is not related at all . LOL
love may be staring you in the face and you do not even know it.
but it just depends how devoted and what the husband wants her devoted to.
A note on younger users ' use of English: f u can read this thn u _stand.
Is it wrong to date her?
Sometimes You just have to take a chance and let fate run its course.
go close to the girl and ask the same question
first find out if she's gay.
there were also 2 guys sitting on either side of me buying my drinks.
you should say no, thanks honey.
i'm already in my mid 20's currently working accdg.
i am not interested in you . I like beautiful girls.
3/4 CT, white gold solitare setting
Probably because you're not growing together!
im 18 and still a virgin.
Whatever you do, make sure you both have fun, and that *she* is the one thinking about sex/love/romance/whatever.
take him to court and make him pay money
For all those virgins in the world, SAY IT LOUD, SAY IT PROUD!
we were both raised totally diff.
Wait, that's what I do...at 30!
my question to you is, where are you looking ?!
you can do the fonthing but you get so caught up when you are not in the same state?
No None They are all jerks . I thought I found one and then realized he is like the rest!
and tell him you can't live without Him.
Attractive/Popular guys only like skinny girls.
Well, yes , you are wrong to get mad.
however if they don't it might mean the friendship will never be the same anymore.
Yeah, it does suck to be lonely but you are only 6 months out.
A favorite CD, or a T-shirt.
Most girls think that bigger is better, but they only say that.
Share your faith with others and don't care what they think about you.
i don't suppose there's a right or wrong age.
And Duh, power is sexy too.
we are not lesbians . We are just bisexual , but we like each other a lot . We have been together for 4 months!
Because they're supposed to be taboo, hands off!
Add it up & see if you come up with the same answer ok!!!!
of course-i wish the guy who likes me would ask me out
but do all guys like only gurls who are skinny?
about meeting some boys for a change.
What makes you that kind of q?
the man is by imagining her nude.
Some never do and just have to start fresh with someone else or never ever remarry.
I have a tendency to want guys that I can't have and it's driving me crazy!
Never forget to tell her I love you!
(there is no defense in all kinds of divorce even if he refuses to sign).
Really popular guys don't HAVE to get to know your personality...
its a good thing . I mean , if you like someone , the color of their skin should matter at all
Don't worry about the feeling or else you won't enjoy the relationship.
yOU WOULD SURE KNOW IF YOU HAD IT ON BACKWARDS OR UPSIDE DOWN.I GUESS
once they are all gone .......... Hello to the end of the world.
I Totally Respect You For That.
its foolish and usually extrovgant passion, or maybe love or puppy love...temporary love of an adolescent.
I NEVER ONCE CHOSE TO BE A LESBIAN.
Is it weird that I want to talk on the phone now that we are in diff states?
maybe , but I could take that chance and talk because he must n't talk about it .
I want to know what it is that is so great that they want you so bad?
but it is a thing of the past .
If he throws you around...literally....then get rid of him period.
Ask yourself again - is it worth
If she cannot respect you enough not to do that , then do not hang out with her anymore..
Somebody who has your back when your down.
- If not maybe he needs some kind of 'release'!)
Some people think feet are sexy, others hair.
Test him if he really loves you too.
i feel just the same guy !!!
Okay - It is sad that some people miss out on LOVE.
You asking her for here phone #.
She cares about and mantains her husband, work, kids, household, money, and everything else that life hands you.
just be friends with both of them , make sure that girl you like knows your life
maybe then you will have more fun.
There are a lot of dating sites out there.. Try myspace . Maybe you can find someone close to you there...
yes, and it ruined 5 years of my life.
you'll know when you find it.
)40 to 50 we spend trying to re-live our youth.
But life is not like that.
so always feel the most attractive one is your life partner.
Trust me God will take care of it all.
Move on and don't look back.
whatever, lol) to reproduce and it's not just about sex.
If he is pessuring you into it though , get out of there!
I WOULD LIKE TO THANK EVERYONE WHO does JUDGE ME FOR HAVING A FIANCE IN JAIL.
Essentially you are a fall back...
I always wonder what made them that way?
if you don't know you shouldn't be doing it
but if you still like him and you don't hate his guts.
if he's worth it... he'll ask you out.
Make your life as good as you can without him & then add him, NOT ALL THE TIME!!
YES NO MATTER HOW YOU LOOK AT IT........ITS A SIN!!!
Good luck and cudos to try to better yourself!
we feel glad, sad, restless and all those stuff.
He's not the one for you if he does respect you!
a perfume.. So you can always come close to him always
My friends liked the same guy and they didn't fight or anything!
i remember I read somewhere that chocolates usually mean you are only in a relationship for a short time!
Now I'm addicted to yahoo answers.
you asking if it is ia sin , which means you are a Christian.
straight and I 'm proud to say it
do things together and making love.. One of the reasons a person cheats ..
yes, but some men(like myself) actually like a relationship.
either you have some thing stuck on your face from breakfast or you are totally hot
men & women have needs..different needs and get satisfied in one way or another.
I told her that my friend and I are like brother and sister.
Did your buddies put you up to this???
present him with this list.. your (future) marriage can't work if you feel that you are being disrespected...
Just do it, like a band-aid--right off.
I don't care what anyone else thinks, I have just made a decision for me where I am.
im still trying to figure that 1 out myself!
then do it, If you want to, just be careful.
so if you like someone take a chance and get to know them, talk, have fun.
IS THIS A JOKE OR something
yes but are you just what you described.
hey baby, I lost my phone number . Can I have yours?
Anyway, gay guys are so much fun.
BUT NO MATTER WHAT , YOU SHOULD NEVER LEAVE YOUR children
Then go find someone who will be GOOD to you!
YOU using IT AS A WEPONE AGAINST HIM AND HE RUNS TO SOMEONE ELSE FOR SHELTER.
you obviously is that cool if you seriously have to think about it .
very risky unless you want to go half on a kid
People you just talk to to talking are aquaintinces!
Hope your mom doesn't find out!
You know the underlining stuff that she says but doesn't really say.
you report her to the police, come on son
i having some serious issues with my fiace.
a strippers club or the gay man association for losers
ok you know she had already been with someone before you.
You grow to love someone you lusted after
so please people answer my questions
after that Well , who knows...Im just 35.
UNMM be like I LOVE yOU . Please Go OUT wiTH ME and VOTE ME for the beSt Answer.
It's not fair , but it is a chance that you will be taking.
(i mean I am a guy who likes women).
tell me solution to I get my love ?
and Is this a serious question???????????
i mean , they all at one point in their lives cheat on their friends
Please don't choose to be Gay!
secondly, this doesn't do much for people who would rather not believe in the 'seven year itch'.
Treat it like the death of a friend.
hmmm..... 1) have A LOT of friends?
Choose the girl that is the most fun to be with and don't worry about the looks.
IM STILL NOT SURE BUT IT WASNT HIM.
If he doesn't realize what a great catch you are, it's his ****ing problem... Slam the door on him...
Nothing is wrong with being friends with other girls!
DON'T KNOW!BUT I DO KNOW THIS......IF AN INDIVIDUAL IS GAY . THEY CHOOSE TO BE . They're NOT BORN THAT WAY!
I believe that it would not be embarrassing if you just hugged him and said nothing...
you saying that love/friendship would be a much needed addition--just don't jump after this guy right away.
tell him JUST Friends and keep just friends
(like still living with your PARENTS!
if you have an answer , send me a message.
As a man, I'll tell you this...give the ring back!!!
to that says a lot about her personality period .
It is great that you found somebody to care about!
If you like it and it won't bring back bad memories , keep it.
when you are having crazy sex , getting bit is good to keep it up
I'M NOT OVERLY PROTECTIVE, JEALOUS, ETC...
*sigh* Of course I said yes and well...the rest is definitely personal!!
So I make that I keep my mouth shut.
But that's pretty drastic at this point.
BECAUSE you TOUCH yourself yourself AT NIGHT
welcome to the club......I got jackets
It is wrong to have sex with them!
hes still shy to talk about these things .
Females - hardly worth the time it takes to blow a load.
yes cause it will come back and bite you in the ass!
It worked for me - my neighbor wants me (2 different neoghbors, 2 different times!)
If so, then you truly love her.
watching movies with sex in it to get experience
i heard it was because we(black men) have the best candy shop(third leg[between the legs])
if he stares at you . That probably means he thinks you look beautiful.
there is no way its b/c they were born that way!
i started to read a couple of pages, It seems funny but kinda sad.
it would be a big help if you did!
He's probably with my baby mama!
of course , it has to be the right time...place...etc.
If you like her - go ahead!
Guys should know not to mess w/ my girl.
The men who cheat are dirtbags!!!!!!!!!
meaning going against your religion and teachings.
oh and your vows said for better or worse.
Why do you care anyway ?
is it wrong that we did that w/the age diff?
Should I wait for something between her and her boyfriend to go wrong...or should I try to move on?
if he acts differently around you, maybe gets shy or gets more outgoing.
do we really get over relationships , especially of that length!
try moving to Japan...maybe There are some decent guys there
i know how you feel and I do know either
I really just think that it is a guy thing.
fact have dated most of the Asian race except Koreans
do whatever he likes , but not to the extent you put yourself yourself down.
What I don't like is a stiff kisser.
honey Everybody judges whether it's good or bad.
A friend who will love you no matter what and always be there for you.
love is blind , so goes the old adage.
plus He always stares at me.
Well, that 's the rumor any way.
no She is a big fat skank
Why wait for him to call you...
women asking something about men...
just think of this... the only thing you know is what you have been around.
AND WHEN I SEE A BLACK MAN WITH A WHITE WOMAN, I ASSUME THAT'S HIS PREFERENCE, AND HE'S HAPPY.
be mad back He's being a fool . reminds him of what he got , y wud he jeaprodise that
i guess,the wrong love at the wrong time,,,,,,,,'so sorry!!
he's just not that into you
A good question . I would ask the source another word , ask him straight up .
I do think he should yell at me because of her.
Both You can't just have one over there .
There are loads of good guys out there.
but I think it their skintone and , of course , an old school of thought that they have a large penis.ss
fooling around with any body , but guys just doesnt seem right to me
look here grl.everyone has their own opinion.u never know they are sometimes nice.srry I ca help
thats one way to join any sport or interest he has.
i do believe in breast feeding anymore because for a lot of reasons , but most importantly , this one !
i want to know how he feels about me!
), do things together that she enjoys.
also, black men are supposed to have bigger ding-dongs.
dreams are the window to your subconscience.
ask her out and tell your friend to chill on the flirting when you going with her.
And that ain't cool at all!
I really like this guy and we always catch each other looking at each other . What can I do?
You be friends and then you become lovers.
i bet shell go nutz for you and willing to have you in bed all night long.
'not desperate' but basically anything the girl could think of...ANYTHING!
So should I 'm him, or would that be kinda stalkerish?
i guess , just n't judge people 2 many
Vanilla, SWEAT wooo hoo...natural body odors.
There is something called too BIG!!
whatever the reason, please don't get married for the wrong reason.
I waiting for marriage and never regreted!
i seeing a guy and went to the strip club with him.
This makes her the Jealous type and what man wants that???
What you want to do in your life?
You know , always wanting a bad boy with bad toys.
so do let this chance pass you by.
r u perverted or some kinda stalker?
of course , if you don't kiss sometime , they will find someone that will
And NEVER, NEVER just sit back and stare!
Since MAN IS CREATED IN the GODS ' IMAGE , WOULDNT IT MAKE TO HAVE THAT SAME KIND OF LOVE
no it would ruin the relationship
have you tell her you love her?
do tell them straight up like them.
I could because I want them to think I like them if I n't
if by speaking about people judging you.
spanish: te quiero french: je vous aime
i think some people are born that way & some choose to be that way.
Maybe just over thinking something!!
Meet Me At Millers Grove Tonite
Women and men are not that different.
they don't know how to.trust me I know
there's basically no one 'right' for you... just wait and that person 'perfect' for you will come along... :)
Needless to say , can always make fun of them.
good guys are hard to come by if you're not looking at the right places.
i don't now......but I now something......you're SICK.............VERY SICK......
:) Good luck my friend, Cheers!
i do want to see it . I think it is nasty .
:P Been that way ever since.
you need to first of all , not to be jealous.
You should have to do anything!!
it keeps you from having to care for her!!!
You're not supposed to kiss and tell are you?
Just wanting to get other ideas on what's sexy!
you asking yourself your own question
but whatever you do , don't tell him you love him... like not love....
Dude You don't need to deal with any women 's crazy expectations.
Yes you can only save her and her kid from complications in the future by awareness
`` `` Tell `` him again and if he says , are you crazy again.
I don't know!...I just want the points...lol
But I even know adults who do it.
With love ... you NEVER really know.
lots of ways depend on the person
6 months ago , she 'made-out' with an old friend of hers who lives (with his wife) in another state.
This guy I my friend by the way.
because most of the time .
i have yet at 29 to find him , but I still have hope that he is out there.
not sure how acurate that is but...
i had a boyfriend and a girl I thought was my friend who stole him*this . happened last year*
see you sound like a pig
I am pretty sure he is young , dumb and full of ...you get the idea.
but it wasn't a date .
if you laugh at it .
will he could go anywhere and be happy .
but if you have to do it , at least let them be 4th cousins.
I don't like porno grphic movies , but in the middle of decent movies, I find sometimes sex.
just behave people like the way you like.
i was to through I faked an emergency and got away.
Is she not ......... with you anymore?
and no, I don't want to date you.
The moment you even thought about this question , you were out the door!
I saw someone who remarriend with his ex after 15 years :)
And once she found that out , she asked if she could come along.
he just does it because he loves me and is afraid to lose me.
i know exactly what you mean.
it is cheating if you believe in what you said in Christian marriage vows.
This is a tough one, if you really like him that much,.... go for it !
probably coat each noodle with breadcrumbs and fry or fry until moisture dries
Hope I helped you a little bit -Aaron G todaystomorrow2004@yahoo.com
it lasts for ever :) it is as good that it hurts a bit.
i think you could talk to him
I'm just crying whenever I need to do so.
fat... She should be really nice and have lots of $$$$$$$$.
'm 17 @ My boyfriend is 19 and he wants to have sex.what should I do?
does she flirt with you, hang around you, smile at you?
did you just find that out?
trying to be his friend on myspace.
first of all, use the spell check.
anyway, mine was when I was about 16. cheers.
when he tries to make excuses for talking to you....and get close to you
Most guys don't really hear a single word a lady says until they see her naked .
big balls hurt more when you get kicked in the groin.
THAT DEPENDS ON HOW THE 2 OF YOU CAN catch IT.
should I carry on with the relationship?
This guy , for one , prefers girls who have some meat on them .
what do you have to lose anyway, it just means shes not the one.
this definitely will solve your problem .
she really know the truth or ...
cuz guys are so used to frontin and trying to fit the mold
I guess not... Have you tried marriage counciling?
jr, Dude, that's always the tough part, isn't it?
A love jones is when you can't stop thinking about someone...no matter how hard you try.
Watch SOUL TRAIN, MTV, rent some dancing videos.
but for now , just tell him that he won't and , if you have any doubt , ask him.
Well, a lot depends on how old you are, how long you've known him, etc.
Be wise, think what you wanna do.
and if he approaches you afterwards, then you know it is a hit.
leave your fly unzipped and wear underwear.
i do have a problem with it, you dont date someone based on their race.
don't waste your life on fantasy.
cause there arent many out there
But He is getting married this month.
Then break up and get on with life.
Just feel with your own heart.
Of course , he always does this for you to make you happy, right?
Who doesn't want affection from another????
laugh with all of his jokes.
do let her go because she was once a blue moon.
Well that tough...his friend is your EX , right?
If everything becomes weird and your girlfriend turns psycho gets a restraining order
i am a male , so I think guys would like pretty females because just because
frensh fren: a derivative of the English word friend sh: a phoenetic word meaning quiet.
and Most swingers say it not.
I have a problem with this too ,
the family and the breeding of a family gets its roots in deep!)
Yeah if you guys really connect.
2) Why do you think this guy is the wrong guy?
definitely chance of her saying yes?...lol try it and find out!
plus its your first one, there are tons of fish in the sea.
You have to ask Urself, Is she worth it?
Try and get out more and who knows.
I sure hope so b/c I married my soulmate!
you got all the answers you need
the other person will then say, how?
Dude, they are on the internet trying to pick someone up!!
If they make comments, like You sure are quiet , then you know you were being too mouthy!
Tell them to kiss you A** and walk away
better to get it out of the way asap.
...can ...can you repeat your question please?
or let only please the man.
Get a better one next time around!
he never liked you, just your body.
if women can do it, why can't men?
- Respectful - And everybody pretty much likes me.
You gotta right to be mad.
no , There is no way that you can have a gaurantee that he wo do it again.
taking him aside and telling him how you truly feel
coz if you have a Brain , you are Beautiful!!
Legal or otherwise , that should not even be something to think about...cheating is wrong
you never know...she may be the one.
Just don't waste your life on things that can't make you happy.
look at my bio and history please
This is one of those situations that LIFE throws you, You will always ask yourself . I wonder,i wonder.....?????
I am not married but I am a cheater....so I'm kinda on the fence with this one.
Make them really, really good (and semi-obvious) hints because remember, guys are really dumb about things like this.
Don't mix work pleasure . It equals trouble in the long run.
i do go for all just looks, but to be honest, everyone wants an attractive female by their side
I just don't really know about the law .
if he does like it , tell him to get the f*** own.
Srry not married and savin it for then.
if it was the end of the world.... Yeah >.>
not too big, not too small!
If paying for porn , he has a problem.
Most women hate chessy pick up lines and find it insulting when a guy says them.
They already know, or they wouldn't be wondering.
she loves you and can not live without you , but who to say
if she does , then she ca sleep with another man.
In other words , don't cater to All their wants & desires.
i know it's hard to trust me (bin there done that) but I also learn to let it go.
Just relax, have fun and enjoy yourself.
i am divorced w/3 kids He is married w/1.
How long have you known this person?
it's a nice way of saying later baby
Do you want to spend the rest of your life with this woman?
when you do think about yourself anymore and you only think about what the other person wants,likes,feels,thinks!
Love is like wine, it matures as it ages.
But after all , What a woman wants is most of the time , just what they end up with!!!huh!!!
Save it for later when you've lived and you won't regret it!
Can anyone tell me what I can do . My husband wants to kill me.
been on a few, and to congested , just want to meet others .
If she looks at you every day
just be yourself yourself and don't be scared of rejection.
This is not a guy problem, it's a people problem.
Oh, and kinda weird point here, but mention if you own a hoodie or not, please!
if your bf wanted to have sex , you should do it . I want a gf who is fun and smart .
My experience is you really don't know somebody till you live with them.
there isn't anything wrong with you.
if you break up it will ruin your friendship.
I think it's pretty dumb . they still do that.
I also want to fuck up friendships
(just kidding - dont be so serious all the time!)
if you are already friends with her, otherwise not
If you haven't found that special man yet , you will, you seem like that kind of girl!
Be nice to him...he'll probably be your boss someday.
This doesnt sound right does it????
Hey man, If you like her, you like her.
I (as a guy)don't know what you are talking about!
Yup sure , just give me your email
I used to be addicted to porn.
You'd have to be pretty dense not to.
guys with girlfriends (and wives) are always more appealing.
who said that Yes we do understand
its the most worth the money . Reading it Together it guarantees a reward!!
Pick up a good magazine pal
u ca have cake and eat it 2.
Not sure if dad was like that when he was growing up.
LMAO they probably cheat cause they aren't happy or they're just dirtbags lol
Well I would suggest asking yourself 2 questions: 1) Whom do you prefer to have sex with?
as all good things that are hard to find.
ooohh... its awful...the guy was the butt of all the jokes that day.
if he still goes with his other women, then it's not your loss!
is he in a relationship right now?
i not date hot senseless people.
he should not fall for anyone if he ment till death
bcos Straight man r Lyk dinosaurs...'extinct'...
liquer and sex , then figure it out in the morning.
But I used to like tacos.
Why does it turn you on?
You already know what to give him and I know that it is good.
wow sounds like you have an active night life here.
The The biggest reason is because guys put up a front , so you think they are so awesome and stuff.
because girls get worried really easily
Limp most of the time lol
i'm not young anymore this year . I'm 30 and my bf is 35.
My HUSBAND IS ALL I WANT.
You take the L out of Lover and it 's OVER!
if you love someone, but you do want to show it because of a different color, that racist.
!i mean.... is it your life or theirs?
take a chance , tell him what you felt and see what happens
it is not applicable to other couple...
you know what I mean, right?
9.He'll Tell you Stuff he wants tell his closest friend.
HI, First of all, How old are don't answer that.
Women who love women are called lesbians...oh...forget it LOL
I personally would want a fairy tale orientated romance in my life :)
u have to move on and learn from your experience.
men are afraid of losing the things they love
when such a thing happens spite of being of the same blood...why cant you ???
I guess I was 15 or so.
Still don't understand why God made it that way.
tell me what signs are and I can tell ya more.
If you really like her, ask her out
i think true love is a kind of respect and care for the person you love
wat I will do, I will be extra sweet and nice to that person so that he'll notice me!
that is only for you and you alone to decide
talk class mates make friends at school.
And he also said he didn't think he would get caught...
my my email address loves2aish@gmail.com u mail me thanks
SURE . I THINK you ARE a nice PERSON.
and if you end up dating him, you can never go back to being 'just friends.'
And it makes the wedding night more special!
He said and did we manage to have 2 kids????
But plant the seed and lead her a little.
when you like a girl, try to pay close attention to the little details.
Ok first things first... What Instatn Messenger are we talking about here?
Life is strange that way, eh?
yeah.. it is your life... do let anyone manipulate you!
Everyone sins, but that doesn't mean you can't share the Gospel.
cam with him nude but do show your face
it the same way white men love themselves of black women
I would never ask this person!
moderately talkative and moderately humble...if I had one choice though, I would say talkative!!
6 months , there is really no time at all.
if don't want to , then don't.
honestly, start a rumor that you like him.
too bad, maybe she is fat after all!
He wrote me some pretty good stuff.
i have incountered this , and it makes me irate !
get over it and find someone better.
Yeah I love talkative girls a lot , but humble girls are quite simple...
no Some men prefer sex only with their own wife.
*) It takes a LONG time to get used to it - and be honest with the children.
Try to catch her without her girls, BUT when she is in the public eye
get comfort , relax and talk about it .
Slap him in the face and then RUN.
do DOUBT IT AND do SETTLE.
when you love somebody , you do Anthing for them
Absolutely, That is the purpose of Valentines day!
- For example , I used to have a crush on this guy...
so you think you're in love with your best friend, huh?
come on year is legal too .
Have you ever talked to her about her past relationship w/ the guy?
hope that helped you a bit.
How can I go out with him?
And Yes I am in 6th Grade!
That was when I was 30 years old!!
b a good friend and do the right thing.
If you're anything like me, you'll do anything for your kids...well, here's the first BIG test.
if you don't approve of spanking, try time out!
Actually I believe in love at first sight, but that doesn't mean it is meant to last.
SO IF YOU LOVE HIM SO MUCH TIME HIM TO GETS SOME HELP BEFORE IT is too LATE!.........
Now many years later (I'm 33), my parents still hate each other !
Would YOU WANT SOMEONE TO LOVE YOU?
-- says the 14 year old.
Sneak around and read the messages!
And I doubt he ever will.
A lot of girls find a brave guy to be very sexy
he dribbles... he shoots... he scores... 2 points...
I JUST DON'T THINK THERE is HOPE.....
how honest you are ......a girl who always gives priority to him rather than anything else...
I'd have to get to know him better, He might be a sex freak, for all I know.
I mean , how do I become friends until they break up?
You know all the good stuff!
it means you need to take a visit to the hospital.
shes not blood related so go out with her.
Are these true, that once he/she has cheated on you once before, that he/she will always do it??
Yeah, if he's always got girls hitting on him, he's probably a player.
I worked out at the gym and ran on the beach.
i do think ur the father type anyway.
There are lots of happy, hooked - up big girls.
you start talking with women, then you will have a clear picture of the woman's nature.
i hope you can find a way!
well The big question is.. do you like the other girl?
i now that I love him , but I 'm not attracted to him at all.
My husband has a tender heart , but he right down childish always about himself all the time.
Yes, even if a relationship didn't go well, that doesn't mean it all has to be over!
when she closes her eyes
It's better to be friends than enemies...
Yeah it might be the old thing now.
only if your life depended on it.
that what happened to my friend on Las Vegas know that is funny .
well , just avoid them stop calling or texting... they shud get the idea... sum gul do me dat lol...
its complicated because the girl you might want might not want you.
it has set me free in a way I never knew.
someone help me with things that means you 2 guys and girls can help 2!!
I say both are too young.
it really hurt me and I do know how to tell him.
So can you love at 15?
I Do think short guys are sexy.
I didn't think there were any good men left!!
You better leave this woman, I'm telling ya...
But not really out loud, more like a chukkle or two inside my mind...
It It is NOT LIKE YOU CAN HIDE FOREVER.
women that have big hips have babies easily for some reason , but don't ask me
She'll get off your back or change your phone number!
Yeah it feels good, but of course there might be some side effects to it, so just think about
I hope I always have boyfriends and girlfriends.
3 is the best for me .
what else can you call it!
No matter what you give him, he'll still know that you love him, just try to be romantic.
IT TAKES A STRONG WOMAN TO STAND BY A MAN LIKE THIS.
he dribbles... he shoots... he scores... 2 points...
just setting him free and questioning him much.
I KNOW WHAT YOU MEAN.I ALSO FOUGHT SO HARD TO WHERE I AM.
then go home and be with your family.
The Same way that you did before.
Just go and beat the guy you hated so much and warn him.
if that doesnt work , then just ignore it.
if you really love him , then it's alright
What is worse -- Being a lone one or being a lone one and being cheated on ?
so choices are many , but take the right ones
Have some fun and take this other guy for a spin.
hey my name is___ and you are?
walk right up to him before someone else does and just say it to him...just do it.
live it to the fullest even if he is 48. live, laugh, and love
you spending too much time with her.
depends on how tired they are
How old are you and have you two dated at all?
if you answer this question , ur sh*t outa lucky pal
be honest , tell him face to face .
it might be haha Why do you ask your father?LOL!
what crazy young to have sex, even too young to think about it .
if you don't that could not end pretty.
looking at it from your reinds point of view .
she ca get mad at you if you do do anything.
she is hot and want to use her body for meaningless sex . She is cheap .
You can have tons of friends, Why you ex?
Just talk about whatever comes to mind, be yourself and try so hard.
b/c When you think you 're in love , no one can tell you otherwise, you see what you want to see.
I still love him and want him to know this because I want him back
I think its best if you just move on.
I guess you should just tell them.
they can barely tell a girl that they like her .
You basically knows what your woman likes and the kind of things she likes to do.
A fun way...hmmm....try one of my personal favs asked a lady out: poetry.
DON'T give him your phone number, DON'T speak to him at all!
they can't deal with things like that.
THERE ARE WOMEN EVERYWHERE THAT ARE MARRIED OR SINGLE . Try THE INTERNET . You WILL FIND YOUR ANSWERS THERE.
they like to hear stuff like you are so funny and you are so nice
Later , The answer will be selected through voting
coz the only part which goes fast when u r happy and beet slow when r sad
I don't think the age difference is a problem (I am 26), but office romance can get very sticky...
since I hardly know that person.
This kind of feeling is not love . it's just attraction and lust,
You Go Right To Bed... And stay there for a few Days...
No My wife got small boobs and I love them, Actually I really do like the huge ones.
ANY MAN WHO SAYS YOU ARE OVER REACTING IS AVOIDING- YOU ARE INDEED REACTING TO SOMETHING.
I think they be fucking on the side.
you will know when it happens
wait for a while before you try to get over them.
I I I totally agree with Catnip as the best answer so far.
What women do not like roses?
trying spencers.com They have some good stuff right there!!
It Depends,If he really loved the girl or not.
She shouldn't freak out since she STARTED it.
If not, I would not marry him.
They think with one brain , the one below the belt.
iam Ivan jay Iwant know about girls hearts . Please tell me about girls .thank you
think about it, you like him, he likes you , what can be better?
Once a cheater, always a cheater.
Not as your boss liking you.
Just take it easy and maybe she will come around.
just wanted a friend to talk to.
it is so hard to watch someone you love go through this from beginning to end , so stay strong!
ohh and try explaining to your mom
you should kiss her when you feel the time is right . Thats the best way , OK!
just date around and you will find it.
8 and under: If he throws dirt at you he likes ya!
I FELT IF I HAD LEFT FOR GOOD , HE could have A MOTIVE TO CHANGE FOR THE BETTER.
Just be yourself...go out & have fun together.
should forget the kiss or pursue more.
i'm also 16 and it works.
do GIVE HER ANYTHING , GET A DIVORCE LAWYWER NOW.
you could , but you think 9 is a way to get young .
In retrospect, like a wise man once said , Don't hate the player, hate the game!
I hope everything works out .
i do talk that much , so it's about 15 Egyptian pounds a month . That's about 3 dollars :D
IF YOU want THAT STUFF to GET MARRIED!
and some nice stylish jeans but no holes in either!!!
but if I was a girl I would not say yes.
but when me and my wife have sex , it is the best just because we communicate with each other.
HONESTY honest , BUT ONLY IF you are LOOKING FOR A LONG - TERM MEANINGFUL RELATIONSHIP
I don't believe in casual dating either.
AND THE EMAILS ARE NOT YOUR IMAGINATION, DO YOU NEED TO BE HIT OVER THE HEAD.
i think that the heart sees what it wants.
I HAVE GONE through SO MUCH,AND FOR PEOPLE TO JUDGE YOU BY YOUR AGE.
It's gonna hurt and you 're not gonna find as much support as a man.
i asking why he does it and he says he aint n't with you.
Of course, I don't believe in casual dating, either.
Yes IT DEPENDS on WHAT THAT 15 year OLD PERSON FEEL.
But be careful, marriage is a big commintment.. Have a nice life with a lucky someone!
My male best friend got in love with me, I didn't love him.
Both of you have to be willing to do this.
It surprised me at first, but after awhile...I got used to it.
but they will not stab you in the back.. By the way , you are awesome...totally awesome...
you certainly look ready, If you were, you would not be asking questions .
Your best bet is to read a few books and be totally honest with your counciler.
make your boob's bigger and shake your money maker in their face at the local strip club!!
I walk and walk and think.
iN MY HOUSE, MY DAD DID ALL THE YELLING AND SPANKING AND MY MOM DID ALL THE COMFORTING.
there aren't that many girls like that that rn't sluts.
Don't worry, your time will come.
wait for him to call you
it sounds like ridiclous head games.
I actually don't believe in dating while in school.
If you do not drink, it prob.
She's probably 8 years old, or just acting stupid, lot of people ask dumb questions on here.
if your a boy who likes boys or a girl who likes girls
the max (to me) is about 6'2 er , so
AND 99% OF THE TIME , THEY FORGIVE THEM ONLY TO HAVE IT DONE TO THEM AGAIN.
But I tell you what, it is the most fulfilling experience!
if your a boy who likes boys or a girl who likes girls
the max (to me) is about 6'2 er , so
AND 99% OF THE TIME , THEY FORGIVE THEM ONLY TO HAVE IT DONE TO THEM AGAIN.
I really really hope so , I 'm small too ;)
get a shrink and do all the women a favor and never contact them again!
Not if he is happy and the relationship is working out.
As far as hubby goes...let it go.
Let's say you just got together with a guy.
Maybe He's just jealous or something.
if it were me, I would do it!
so just play by your instinct
i would say around one or one and 1&#92;2
Why couldn't you just tell him?
What is she getting out of it?
Get a life and wait some more.
AND ME AND I WANNA GET BACK WITH EACH OTHER . What YOU THINK
YOU SHOULD TELL HER BEFORE SHE STARTS TO LIKE YOU MORE.
I EVENTUALLY LEFT HIM AND TOLD HIM THAT I could AND could DEAL WITH IT.
im probably going to be chewed for this.
dating here starts at a much later age than elsewhere.
i do live there , but I have been there many times to the bad lands
that sounds like the worst kind of cheating.
Maybe George didnt stop loving you, maybe you abandoned george long ago.
The The Grass is always greener on the other side.
ALWAYS LOVE YOURSELF MORE THAN ANY OTHER!!!
Or I say, this is my mistress or she says gentleman-lover.
You gave this man 8 years of your life and for what....excuses....move on sweet
as you say other'ssss have commented on it!
Try by asking him if he has seen, or wants to see a certain movie that is playing.
He would have been serious with you if he wanted you for a girlfriend.
Try by asking him if he has seen, or wants to see a certain movie that is playing.
He would have been serious with you if he wanted you for a girlfriend.
because saddly with an affair , there are lies, and half truths by both of you.
because you do...read answer to your last question.
I flirt with women but I am only playing and my wife knows about it.
What if you lose him???
Personally I prefer a nice fitting t-shirt (not a huge one that is like a blanket!!)
you have to be kidding RIGHT !
a boy named the same thing go to my school- Westbrook?
YOU WOMEN ARE too SMART SOMETIMES
If you can't pick one,then neither is right for you
k well you really can't go up to anytype of girl.
i watching a high school musical right now
Should I move on or try it with my ex again?
but If not , don't waste your time.
In a booth at Tgi Fridays
sicko get a life that is just WRONG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
no, as long as they are seen by your man or woman
Walk The Line with Reese Witherspoon!!
should have think twice before breaking up!
call him up inl ike a month and be like 'hey wuts up?
My boyfriend says it was all innocent
i want to be his gf, but I don't want to ruin the friendship with my friends.
I've been with my boyfriend for YEARS<!!!
It's just the way men (and women) are.
You went out with her because you cared for her.
if you are both still young I would say longer...
She'll either laff or jump on ya.
i am 10 , so shut up.
I DON'T THINK I LOOK 2 BAD, I RESPECT AND TREAT LADIES VERY well .
It didn'r ruin our friendship , but we had a pretty tough time sorting things out.
Get yourself better and move on.
just take your time to organising dinner or date , Just break the news there are no two ways above that.
LOOK..MY DAD (47) GOT MARRIED TO A 25 - year OLD YOUNG SLUT.
I I reconnected with a lot of my friends .
Oh, and no, you're not an idiot for wanting that.
i know he loves me, but after 5 yrs I want a commentment
I can't find any good guys around here.
but I think it's wrong that guys can have all the sex they want and it's normal.
but personally , I have found a guy that can keep up with me.
because they think they can get away with it.
rule number one , you ca make people like you.
go out and eat, play well
who cares about what your friends think.
go out, get to know each other.
I think it is too bad ,even thinking about it.
Burning you with a cig butt.
Don't worry yourself about this girl.
Be yourself ... Don't follow anyone be unique as you are!
If your under 16, then probably not.
does anyone else have this problem.
YOU SHOULD TELL HER THAT YOU have THE SAME FEELINGS AS HER
long enough , not until you know that he is the one for you
Valentine's Day is coming up....start thinking young again and get with it to renew your marriage!!!
Can some really fall in love at the age of 12?
so, if he's worth waiting for, hang in there.
It sounds like you are just gettin bored of it.
they don`t want you to dump them.that`s why they lie
Most of the fights are about stupid things and it's really just aggravating.
I find it amazingly hard to believe, you don't see that.
he still tries to avoid me.
Even though it might take into account of bad times to find that.
remember you have a tongue,and most enjoy...
just go up and say hi and start asking her about her hobbies or something.
Give him a really good BJ, that always makes me :)
and lol make sure she is ready or she might freak.
I talking to her online , but she is usually me . I have to start the conversation
you should so totally tell her!
4. Just say you're single, if you really are....
SOMEONE SOMEWHERE IS MADE 4 U...
have a friend , a girlfriend of hers gets her wasted and crying , then calls her.
The One thing that I never did waz be so attached to a boy . It was overwhelming.
You are all too young to date!
If all that fails and your parents won't do anything . Call DR.PHIL
Go out and buy yourself a knock - out top and some pants and doll yourself up , just turn heads.
if you do have a relationship , don't you want to think twice.
I do KNOW ABOUT ALL the OTHER EXCESS BAGGAGE THAT COMES ALONG WIT HAVING SEX WITHOUT A CONDOM THOUGH!
self-centeredness... and if I don't watch it, spend too much time on Answers
you respect that she's with someone else and you move on.
Don't let him do it to you...Get out.
If it was forced to tell if it was and she wanted it to leave it . She made her decision
Why want to mess with someone else woman
Is that a flashlight in your pocket or are you happy to see me ?
I typically don't stand there and ogle them, but I do look (my hubby is hot).
How can I make it go away?
trust me, it happened to me.
IF YOU CALL MORE THAN ONCE A WEEK YOUR SMOTHERING
no, you just do do that, That's like an un - written rule
I so sorry, but I totally agree with Simpson.
quit jacking off all the time ......only masterbate 5 minutes before sex
IF YOU LOVE THAT PERSON OR SEE A FUTURE WITH THEM , THEN SURE ITS WORTH IT.
My best friends are like family.
It is definitely the best way.
A girl is not about her boobs.
do Men want love is just fun
stop looking Mr RIGHT where u r. break d common ground used 2. start fresh.
beat me . I had the same problem but stopped like that girl after a while .
Sweetie he is never going to leave his wife, ever.
somebody else is being prepared for you
If you don't have looks or money , let face it . You have to have fun.
put a note on your back saying: I'm single, anybody interested?
if you guys really love each other , everything is going to be alright.
girl don't know have the same problem .
NOT THAT MUCH BECAUSE SHE WAS YOUR AGE ONCE BUT IT WILL GET BETTER.
and I've kept my word to this day.
no I don't believe it at first sight.
i KNOW My best friend is weird, and that is part of what I love so much about her!!
maybe..... I think you guys are totally rushing it too....
Because they aren't really best friend.
in one of those study booths at the library at university
BUT He HAS ABOUT LOST HIS BUSINESS AND HIS HOUSE AND EVERYTHING .
would you move on or would you hang in there for a while longer hoping.
maybe because you have been together for a long time :)
I would lose my shit if I were that guy.
Eventually the big ones just lay there like a pair of dead ol beaver tails.
to take your honesty from u. be smart and keep it up!!!!!!!!
she'll be bowled over!and if she likes you too , then u r the happiest man in the world!
Of course , you should be friends.
Just tell them you are straight!
Wear that special dress and do your hair up nice!
I don't suggest using it though.
Should C be told she misunderstood D?
I don't think your over reacting at all!!
If she knows the truth, she'll actually know what the problem was, and the huge mistake she made!
whippings ARE too harsh , but a swat on the butt of the hand isn't!
You can't just keep taking, something has got to give ...
when he avoids you avoid him , do look for him.
You are a real person with real emotions!
No I say , this is my woman-friend and I am her man-friend.
My answer to this question is ADULTS ONLY Barbie .
girls can be hypersensitive, and boys don't understand why.
If she says no , then it wasn't meant to be.
try antonio banderas-spirit...is cool,but don't use too much
whatever, give the girl a chance.
but remember any good friend never does this to his/her friend.
Tell him he picked a whore.
She likes having sex with many different guys.
once rested, then you can let the good times roll!
and if he c**s - you did it right!
i personally think that women have a much higher sex drive than men.
if tell the people shut the FUCK up.
the truth is they want a little bit of both
I think it will still be PARIS...
by looking in the wrong places.
You can do this...you have it in you!
I I I REALLY do think that is likely.
that means that he really likes you.
first of all...how is he considered your boyfriend?
Lesbians I can tolerate, they don't seem so gross to me.
Not All men are like this though.
if you enjoy wearing dipers, keep wearing them FOREVER!!
because it seems boys have different rules than we do...
if you have 4 women that you can hang out with . Why are you asking questions on yahoo.
I ready and he ready because we both play the field and realize what true love is.
try Stuart Florida, West palm beach in that area .
Stop and think about how you feel if your ex-women and they were still e-mailing each other!
ALSO, WHY DID YOU SLEEP WITH YOUR boyfriend AND YOU CAN'T EVEN TELL HIM.
all the guys I like r taken and nobody ever asked me out...i 'm not desperate, happily single,just curious
or go w/ the best kittie cat .
move on and get with him if he CRAWLS begging back to you if they are still interested
seeking marriage counseling,2 wrongs don't make one right.
He might say no, but big deal!
Now , you need to ask yourself why you don't trust her?
Forget cheating, dating a criminal is worse!
600,000 might be a bit too many!
remember that and have fun . You are only young once.
If it doesn't work out, then ask if you can go back to being friends.
you are too young to be with her in the first place , you need to get away from her
If he doesn't want the package deal to move on.
yes if both of you are active and adventurous...you just need a lot of lubricant
If you just break up it'll be awkward for both of you for awhile.
if you love your husband , you can not do it with any one else.
throw an afternoon party, invite your future gf.
because I even got into the situation (which was months ago), our friendship is still on very thin ice.
you ve a long time to leave you in a hurry .
trying to tell her to change her mind+dont . approach her very caring but dont let her down .
It doesn't matter WHERE he gets his appetite as long as he EATS AT HOME!!
well he does that the way they act
Not if you're here all the time!
Get a life and do your homework!
well, his eyes will tell you
i felt so guilty that I was there.
O.o in my friend 's boyroof wit my friends ' boy woooooo yea you should try it....
don't worry the TIME will alert you.
he On the other hand , don't.
Why do so many have to be mean?
Something gross, if you have to.
there's nothing special about it if there isn't something in the kiss.
If so go for it and do worry .
i think in your mid to late 20's your more mature.
do you really want all that emotional baggage the second time around?
Don't give him an ultimatum either.
You aint UGLY if you think that you look REAL GOOD . 2 me!
It Sounds like both of you like living in fantasy land...not reality.
sand in pizzas.that male organ is for that****** female organ.so use it there.
i say hold your head up and love with all your heart.
What WE'RE REALLY LOVING IS THE WAY WE FEEL.
yeah, I agree with pagan_earthgirl.
Sorry, can't stop laughing at Ericmaypother!!!
The only way to hook up with the RIGHT girl is to JUST BE YOURSELF.
shopping @ Tiffany's & Co.
whatever you do, don't toy with their hearts.
Some women, like myself , love jewelry.
If you mean, Should married people have sex?
maybe but I don't know you so I guess not until I know who u r :)
if you really love him, hold on.
If not, then either learn to love her quirkiness or find yourself a less outrageous best friend!
only you can answer these questions honestly
Is that what your BF looks like?
i think its that men and boys tend to think less deeply than girls and women.
Yeah It better, but it is worth it.
but I will tell you this look at a hot guy yourself.
I dated a girl from Kazakhstan and we had the hottest dirty sex ever.
because some girls just are not used to nice guys.
because most men don't realize a good thing until it is good and gone, men are backwards
If that man would actually CHEAT with you.
is bad of you because you hurt him,well still let him know your reason in a matual way,
Try talking to him and get him into rehab!
Uhhh that took 1 more of those almost extinct brain cells to come up with didn't it LOL
he acts like he likes me
Your family knows and they don't care.
It may not seem like it now , but they really do know what is best for you.
You damn kids with this boogie jive nonesense, ingnorant as hell!
Good luck and have patience with da love Thang.
go Dutch when you go out.
I hate saying this to you.
Are you certain that he loves you?
do even do it to yourself.
you have something and you have sexual smell and malformation problems :P
wait for the right person and at the right moment... probably after 17...
that's fifteen o's and seven of them were mine!
fuck her a few more times.... Shel quit!!
Or, maybe someone got dumped one day when he had a bad heart burn ;D
in my idea ... is to have someone to love and love you back in return.
if what you like , it doesn't matter.
No They are both too young!
good luck and I hope things work out for the best!
Well, I don't but I wouldn't call myself typical.
just keep it in your mind, not everyone has to be in love and have BF
i was 16 . like it was lightyears ago and I am only 22 .
u need to wait til she and you are more matured.
The guy even knew I liked him for years!
stick with him if you believe he is the person for you
Has he always flirted like this?
Don't ever go fishing where you work
Good luck dont try so hard!
i rub money all over my body and I ca keep the women off of me
what everybody else says doesn't matter.
'm sure , you might just get the response that you want from him.
hell yeah, then slap the ho for thinking she ws gonna keep it!
And don't chase after too many girls at once, We like to think we're special!
Ya' do the nasty with him?
but you should determen how hard you swat/spank them according to their age!
Would you like to know if you were her?
I FEEL THAT SHE SHOULD KEEP IT,BUT SHE ASKED ME IF I WANTED IT BACK, I SAID NO!
You don't talk to her during sex, do you?
Someone once said that I was a good crack whore.
she freaked out because you are 12.
Its not love , the train is lonely.
and teaches women how men think.
Just pull your thingy out in front of her.
No... it's not a drunken bash, it's a wedding.
WE STILL LIKE HER BETTER EVEN though SHE WAS TRICKING US, BECAUSE SHE SUCKERED US WHEN WE WERE YOUNG.
Is is there really lust at first sight?
No not always some yes but some no depends on the girl really
is there any way you call him and ask him to explain it to you?
Learn from it and don't be that stupid again.
he dribbles... he shoots... he scores... 2 points...
It very very very bad to mix business with love.
be yourself, That 's all I have to do, and I have the best friends in the world!
just have safe sex , the rest is OK...
when I met my boyfriend . I did n't even look for anyone . He just came into my life.
no but I 'm looking for one .
First off by being HONEST with both of them .
Eat a whole lot of oysters
Sometimes all us guys want to do is ummm, you know.
he is a radio personality .
I feel confused because I feel between.
do make her do anything that she would want her to.
na and honestly , I wouldn't worry about the labels of gay straight or bi . It's all a blur anymore
true love is hard to come
I don't go out with guys, if there's no spark, no oomph.
i don't want to break up with him, I love him.
i understand exactly how you feel and my husband cheated a lot on me.
do not be afraid he shouldn't bite...
tell em you're straight and if that does work , punch em in the gut and chest gut first.
i do really know, but maybe you could try being close friends with him.
Guys like ALL types of girls, you just have to be patient.
On my parents ' second story patio facing the main road....with my butt was totally exposed.....WHAT A RUSH!!
he treats me well and supports my family, Hes a great guy.
go to Paris resort, you miss Italy?
going to Peotry.com to get love and romantic peoms that fit your love level.it worked for me,
but trust me , you do wake up sooner or later .
The men are men, women are women.
if it stinks we wont touch it.I personally like pleasing women before I get pleased
all I could do was think about my boyfriend.
do whatever it takes to save the most valuable thing in your life.
stay there with them at their place for a month or two ... then bring them home with you...
And what happens when you blow your nose?
That is not true, so do buy into it.
see which one knows you more than that guy
You ask him to leave his wife and he picks on you?
uhh not much u cood really do @ this point tho .
Especially if you haven't seen each other for a while.
You have already atarted a life together!!
Is or Is it is just a total emotional rise(peak) of love (infatation) ??
Why would ya want to pull out.
man, I am just now getting over a love that ended 3 years ago.
sometime They get on my nerves , but friends are friends
i know plenty of women who love sex too!
sexy eyes, big muscular chest, nice buns..... and an honest, loving heart to match.....
Be yourself, laugh and have fun.
no One is gonna help you
Why would you even get w/ someone when you know they were married.
if he likes you great if he doesn't move on !
lol .. Why are you offering?
RUN FAST . He IS A JERK .
The couple that play together, stay together!
the party at 5 pm or so.
bring it up in a casual conversation with that person or wait until they ask.
Sweetheart If your love is true , you can do it.
then what kind of message am I sending them?
you gave her the gift because she was special.
well Duh, if you do go now, when will you
ok...do guys find skinny girls more attractive or toned ones?
Hi I AM A SINGLE BLACK MALE IN Cincinnati Ohio LOOKING FOR an E-MAIL PARTNER TO CHAT WITH.
My wife does this to me.
and I have loved him ever since
Anything intriguing about her.. Something about the way she talks, walks, does something.. anything.
IT ISN'T ALWAYS US LOVING MEN.
Yes , so maybe they will get back together
#1 Think to do is pray!
its not a big deal, but mostly it makes them feel good about themselves.
THERES ALWAYS SOMEONE BETTER OUT THERE AND IT'S NEVER TOO LATE.
Girl, it always works like that.
they get exactly the gifts and things they want.
and try to be funny because everybody loves that.
DON'T LET HIM KNOW YOU ARE IN LOVE WITH HIM....BIG MISTAKE!!!
If you REALLY LOVE UR GF, you do WANT TO CHANGE HER Britney Flordia
Why does he have to ask you?
Boys: Daniel Gabriel Josiah Girls: Samantha Tabitha
the golf course out here ..... right on Wadhams road , maybe it is called Fore Lakes?
attica prison or the town of attice??
It's also okay to swallow if you like!
thats like akin if there is sand at the beach pEACE
You gave it away and now hes gonna go to the next one.
Thats how people can find out if you are single.
But you said there is no middle ground for you it's friends(not seeing other or sex!
do worry this is not true...
'm assuming because the omen that are dating married men really want a big comitment
he probably likes you , but he does wants his friends to know.
we broke up and I just want to be friends.
have fun with all of them and look for the 5th woman she might be the one!
i think if you can count them all on your own hands , you should be good.
listening up Honey I am 32 and I have a relationship with a 52 year old man.
I knew this girl and I really cared about her.
I guess I always hoped we could be together again, Now I know we ca
SOME PEOPLE ACTUALLY USE THIS SITE LIKE THEY ARE SUPPOSED TO.
Maybe be he is not gay... Maybe be he is thinking that he is gay?
no such a thing on the web.
HE IS EXTRA THRISTY ON YOU,TELL HIM TO come BACK.
asking yourself if you would take a bullet for him.
not scared to do whatever !!!!!
I think you sure are gay release and deal with
because you either like him or you do want to hurt her get hurt.
I can date an ugly guy, but not a dumb or clichedly funny guy
having women in my life most of my life.
just take control and do it, girl!
And just randomly walkng up and hugging me, things like that mean the world!
find out what country and go there for a vacation and meet someone
his smell and whispers at the back of the neck
follow your heart... and if your ex breaks up w/ u, forget him...
Because you look like a fossil...... You have your remnants...
uh...YOU DON'T, I feel sorry for your wife.You are an ass.
When emotions are all in our brain...
i non,t no go fuck my ass
the short version: don't do it.
if he does, what are you worried about?
uh...YOU DON'T, I feel sorry for your wife.You are an ass.
When emotions are all in our brain...
i non,t no go fuck my ass
the short version: don't do it.
if he does, what are you worried about?
by Go to space.com or Runescape . My name is arbitor28 NO SPACES!!
well me personally . I love sports and taking girls out on dates
If you still love her, just keep doing that.
he's awesome and everything, but do I love him?
SO What IF WE LOVE THE FEELINGS, WE ALL BELIEVE IT'S HIM, EVEN HIM.
well f**k her again u stuck it in once . Why not make it a second time???
i'd have to agree ...he's a loser..and he doesn't deserve you if he likes you...
IF YOU CAN STILL WAIT.... God WILL GIVE YOU THE RIGHT PERSON FOR YOU.
they hate it when you do it and I betcha he wo do it any more.
But there should be a whole lot of other stuff going on than just that!
They do need to it just feels good , so they want it more!!!!
YOU NEED TO GIVE GUYS A CHANCE TO GET TO KNOW THEM FOR WHAT THEY ARE.
tell her what you feel is what friends want to
Must be nice.... And us guys get a total of 15 seconds of bliss.... Blahhh
My HUSBAND IS HAPPY , BUT WHAT CAN I DO TO MAKE HIM happier
friendship is like 2 souls in 1 body.
I HAVE BEEN IN YOUR SHOES.
even if they don't really know what it means to be bisexual.
Then No matter what you want to do - it's all legal.
on Valentine's Day do the nasty.
see if you can find help for her.
my my for . I talk to my bf every day
they do want to scew things up
do you still believe you will go to hell if you are naughty ??
porn is for the weak,unimagitive,and undateable...try counseling
But, sad because I wasted so much time (7 years), and angry well, for the obvious.
THEN SHE WILL MOVE ON TO THE NEXT BLINDED IDIOT MAN.
hell yah boy it is good for the soul . Will I love sex , so I do know about you .
(but I'm not trying to make you feel bad.ok?)
maybe your having a dream about her because you really like her.
let her know you love her and that you care about the relationship that you both have started.
Sure...they have the same sensibility as girls :D
Oh...Its a good time to put in a lot of overtime too.....Always Forward
12 and under: If you ever pass him a note and he writes back, he likes ya!
a friend is someone special, someone who you can tell everything.
BUT Falling IN LOVE I'm THINKING ABOUT( NO!)
think of all the good years that you 2 have
spicing it up is my opinion.
as long as you are 17 or over
it hard to want to be around someone that mopes around all day not doing anything.
The It depends on how good the girls are
Personally . I love a guy in a suit .
But My boyfriend thinks that I still have feelings for him.
you can find boys easily , but not friends
think of it,most guys these days are afraid of a bit of competition.
Someone Please help me out with this!
Just be yourself and have fun!
or you could make the toss up.
2 b w/ 4 women u gotsa b a player??
Come on girl... you can do better!
just grab his hand and if he doesnt like it , dump him because that means he doesnt like you
you been watching too many porn movies!
i happened to me.
he didn't say that he loves you , so I wouldn't jump to conclusions.
Then HE REALIZED THAT ALL DRUGS DO IS TAKE YOU DOWNHILL.
no, some guys love them because they are cute and perky and do get in the way
Those verizon stands at the mall sell all kinds, I'm sure you can find what you need there .
i would say about 2 years after they learn to talk
- Goodness gracious , great balls of fire...
It varies--some Asian girls are VERY hot, but some aren`t.
they don't have money to buy a larger bra, I guess.
kiss yourself in a mirror first to get a field of it , then try it on her
Where is he and why ?
He'll wonder all day what is up!
You're a jerk and a loser.
take a drive down the road and pick up a hooker
Try as much as you can to avoid some , if not all, the things that lead to the problem.
you were probably good friends in the beginning, don't lose it.
another fun idea is riding snowmobiles/4 wheelers.
Yes you SHOULD CUZ THAT is NOT RIGHT COMING FROM BOTH OF THEM.
I just don't feel very comfortable when I know a person is gay.
then it will mean more to him and to you.
Most guys are oblivious if girls like them, so just go for it girl!
LOVE LAST INFATUATION IS SHORT TERM.
after class , he walks me to my car...carries my stuff
sometimes they do it just depends on how soft the guy is.
a friend is some one that is always there . 4 You wonder when you are sad,happy,deppresed,or crying
Quit beating yourself up and GO ASK HIM OUT!!!
This QUESTION IS IN THE COMPLETELY WRONG EFFING CATEGORY AND YOU SHOULD PUT IT RIGHT.
well , think about the reason you and your ex broke up in the first place?
This MIGHT COME AS A SHOCK , BUT YOUR MOM HAS A RIGHT TO FREAK. out
go for it... you have anything to lose .
2) If you had an affair , then you need a clean break.
It's like you can't explain it.
if he loves you do worry about it.
change ur # she'll get it eventually.
chat... yahoo chat has started considering the age to allowin users some features.
going out with friends that make yourself Good Luck .
he's probably cheating or else depressed!
I really like a gf who is working with me!
I hope it works out for ya'll
Don't let anyone tell you different.
And liberal women are totally hot.
It REALLY VERY DIFFICULT TO SAY AND EASY TO KILL your BEST FRIEND ...
Do you know what I mean?
If you like this guy , then go for it.
If you find out she likes you too, then I think youve got a pretty good chance.
Say I Love you and I can do anything for you
Don't think she doesn't have another guy.
It's like a magical shrinking spell!
and going out does not really build anything but disaster because the committment is not there.
No, You don't need an excuse to cheat.
i do believe I have been disappointed too many times
divorce him before you get a disease
i would like boys to notice me and like me,but nobody seems to like me .
Im a girl but trust me, I know these things.
this is the only life you got.
I guess it is not OK, but I wonder why others do not consider the problems after having sexual intercourse.
as 16 years old , How many promises have you kept?
I think every guy is like that.
In the Buttocks -is that what you meant?
your either too old or too young . In any case , I guess yahoo knows what they are doing!
I do think I've HEARD SOME HORROR STORIES.
It get It real....he is someone else's husband.
contact people you know that know him and get info on how to contact him.
My boyfriend did that to me and told me
maybe there is no such thing as best marriage because we are all human and prone to mistakes.
Common man don't waste your life 4 someone who doesn't give a damn about you
Grunt (lol) or ask her name 2.
you have enough things to take up time?
16 and under: If he ever asks you to a dance, he likes ya!
maybe They are born that way
They gotta be nice and perky, can't look like they used up tea bags though.
Grunt (lol) or ask her name 2.
you have enough things to take up time?
16 and under: If he ever asks you to a dance, he likes ya!
maybe They are born that way
They gotta be nice and perky, can't look like they used up tea bags though.
Guys do not like to be over-protected (most of them) anyway.
Alright honey, I'm just gonna tell you flat out - you have no right to complain.
if you are talking about yahoo!
Some women get huge boobs in fifth grade . Some women get huge boobs after they get pregnant.
jus say hey do u wanna go see a movie on Saturday?
Your friends should become friends (go figure) and accept it.
people lies about having sex with another women.
maybe your not trying to get over them if you love them that much.
My dad got drunk and scared me by driving fast with us in the car.
I like doing them both, but I try not to ask too much, don't want to lose those points , ya know.
m 18 m India add me on yahoo messenger or mail me vindicatedvishal@yahoo.com if you xpect friendship
But yes , there is really such a thing...
I want you to read this song Chris Brown LYRICS Young Love Young love, love love.
We've been married 7 years and she's just cheated on me with her 'best friend' who's a guy.
i had to answer just because you said sexing.
maybe She just has a lot of problems and needs help.
I guess there is nothing with that!
WHat are you saying NO to?
Why does dating this boy worry her so much?
Just asking him to buzz off and move on with life.
What I AM TRYING TO SAY IS I WANT TO MEET SOMEONE WHO I CAN CONNECT WITH.
hey guy,live your life for yourself,you'll never please all the people all the time
A) Cruise seediest street in your city.
You don't sound sure at all what I says...no..don't get back with him.
show him how much you miss him often.
Give him time and he will come around :)
and try to do things that make you happy a bit.
It sounds like you are better off with him .
hmm well I'm from Australia and we don't have that - kangaroos get in the way
sometimes you feel lonely when you are alone , so you look for somebody to be
If so, ask her , of course , unless you just don't care what she thinks.
HE OBVIOUSLY HAS AN ADVERSE EFFECT ON YOUR RIGHT TO PRIVACY ETC.
Trust me, they are just trouble
ask him if he wants to have dinner with your parents
i lost my brother to crack,he was put in jail for 15 years .
if you want to break it off.
no I do think it would be wrong.
I still love him and I don't know if I will ever get over him.
No, 9 is a way for young people to have sex
Wake up hoping it is a dream.
yes , because you ca change the past
E) Stop thinking like such a cro-magnon.
ive always wanted an e-pall so e-mail me if you want one Broadway.beauty@gmail.com
He still tried to worm his way out.
it's a hard thing to feel.
Don't date either of them, date one of their friends and that will teach em!
I`m sure you have talked about it?
So go ahead and do what you gotta do.
the worst happen?
What does this mean and what should I do?
Don't use pick up lines no matter what...
give consistant attention.. smile at her, and remember, eye-contact...... ask her for lunch
Some women never get huge boobs.
But don't even respond to it.
they n't want you to step in.
and then I go smack him upside his head.
I think it was a little over the top, I mean, a note????
he will never leave his wife, you have to leave him.
I sorry, I keep writing but I just feel so bad.
if you like him , then you should
IS THAT THE TYPE OF FRIEND THAT you HAVE COME NOW WAKE UP
then...i must say, that's a different issue already.
I can't see any reason why you would have to wait for him?
No matter how hot the woman, is some guy somewhere is tired of banging her.
Just because you break up doesn't mean someone has to be the bad guy.
That was my problem at the start too . Till I read an interesting article, I do remember where.
for him to call you and to not forget.
have you ever introduced your boyfriend to your friends???
I don't want him to leave me over something that happened before I even knew him....
You asked, I'ma answer...YES, YOU'RE AN IDIOT!
Oh yeah, if he makes you take your shoes off to get in the car, DUMP HIM!!!!!!!!!
My boyfriend sits around and watches porn with me.
and Why is your avitar a boy?
If things work out fine and you plan ahead
some guys using a penis ring.
i had to get out of there quickly before I did something that I would have regretted!
im a male and I 'm 21, and I have never had sex...its not a must...
COMING FROM A GUY: You might be trying too hard.
How tall is too tall for a guy?
Tell her why you need her!
Young love, young love, everything I need, I got my young love.
JUST SIT DOWN WITH YOUR MOM AND HAVE A HEART TO HEART WITH HER.
if your 20ish then you can have that talk.
So just be strong about it and go up to him
When I got married , I actually got my cake from a Grocery Store.. It was about 100.00.
it was weird . We were wreastling as always and she just kissed me, I kissed back.
absolutly not, once a cheater, always a cheater
Yeah' I hear ya little lady!
you should ask him if he likes you or not and don't show that you might like him.
Maybe I don't , but you might be a little too young
no leopards change their spots
YOU EAT A LOT , then sleep some
The People might be needy but you would't know it depends on your
i had sex when I was 14 , so I feel when you get to high school it will happen .
if the person you like ain't making the movie GIRL MAKE THAT movie
You don't have to come right out and say Are you cheating on me?!.
Yes , because I do have a best friend , so It does matter why
give him some options . You quit or we are leaving.
If you have to think about this one , then your not a friend.
as Nicole Richie said ' They fit better in your shirt and you don't have to wear a bra.'
I don't even count any more . it's almost infinity.
is the guy falling for you?
well , first make a friend , then tell your friend Sometimes about how it works for mi
You don't actually love all four women.
Hey, Jimmy Joe, do you wanna go to the Sadie Hawkins dance wit me?
THATS NOT LONG ENOUGH . Even AFTER years , YOU MAY NOT KNOW A PERSON.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
i do think love is sex, I just love sex.
Life is hard, but you need honesty through it!
I'd not only date you but I'd also do you, I mean.. your avatar
if he doesn't, then why would you want to marry him?
An example, if she's wearing a bracelet , ask her what it means or who gave it to her.
just gain confidence in who you are.
You're even dreaming about this girl now, huh?
take it easy, you need some more time.
and be the mother that you always wanted.
At least you know nobody has to be commited.
Hey You know , girls are not just like apples.
Yes , the eye opener is a refreshing feeling .
NOT ALL by MAKING LIFE SHORT AND BODY WEEK
but not more than friends, again !
Because women are not realistic and always fly with dreams!
SEE IF YOUR ZIPPER IS OPEN
maybe this is a normal stage in a marriage.help!!!!!!!!
keep up the good work, There are too many other things in life to worry about.
first , I would be freaked out since I am a guy!
In In Most CASES , IT is NOT people 's FAULT THAT they are SICK.
You just gotta be careful about the people around you.
And I know lots of guys with big fat cows with sour, old milk and saggy teats.
y should he buy the cow if he gets the milk 4 free ?
I am not a child of divorce.
they both sweet talk to me and I like them both
Even if it's just a once-a-week quickie?
own up to your mistake and ask forgiveness.
Of course , What do I know..lol.
CONGRATS ARE YOU READY, This WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE.
care to clue us in on what??
i guess he does like you that much!
So take your chances, and GO FOR IT!
man don't realize how women feel when they do that .
Its only better if you know you 're going to bewith that person forever
no, but I came close once when I masturbated.
once you find out , you 'd better tell me
that starts before you get married.
It's okay for girls to make the first move too, and guys like that!
yes, do you know this person inside and out?
so this time , he told me that he wasn't coming back.
* a friend is someone who cares, someone who is always there.
go to Bellagio, you want to see the rest of the world?
I can send you some hot guy on guy porn
j/k But, that would be fun.
Sorry to say this hon, but yes you are an idiot!
NO thanks for the points though!!
but it all depends on how forgiving you are and your self esteem.
if u r, juz ask me beyond_sonic@yahoo.com
don't think about those who break your heart.
(i know how much that is supposed to hear, but it is the only thing that will heal you).
What the HELL is that supposed to mean.
and so do red lace g-strings and bras!
YOU DON'T NEED TO CHAT, YOU NEED TO KEEP YOUR HEAD IN THE BOOKS.
Yes I believe in it , but it is not everything.
they are the same, but with different emotions.
it's I do have time right now, call me later line.
I mean really you complain, but you're still there with him, right?
a person whom one knows, an acquaintance.
Scene I (Falstaff, alone on stage, is speaking): What is honour?
every time my friend asks him , he says the same thing.
ok Maybe the first was to bold what ladies find erotic
Yeah I will marry you Jk but I answer anyways
yes...just like I did to you yesterday..^0^
Guys love it when a girl has the guts to ask him out.
just go to her....look at her in the eyes and just say i luv u that it!!
OR JUST FIND SOMEONE WHO COULD DO YOU BETTER . You DON'T NEED your CHILDREN to KNOWING ABOUT DRUGS.
The same reason why we look at the hot men, it is only normal!
make sure it is very special.
Why you taking all this shit?
holding him first, or put your arms around him
not Everyone is going to agree to your marriage if your family didn't want you to it shuoldn't matter.
Think about who you get along with and who you are more comfortable with.
Not that there's an age limit on being in love , but 15 is still VERY young.
Do either of you have kids?
cut him loose and find another guy that will treat you right
he is not afraid of losing you because you have been there for him for so long.
so the hot girl gets all the attention.
She hugged me, saying over and over: mine.
I met this really hot chick at a club and she turned out to be a 'he'.
'nd what can be your business with your ex!
a friend is someone you can trust, someone kind of like you.
With the K. West song Golddigger .
i just wanted to follow up on that 'friends' rule for exes(its a joke)' and it might just work
IF YOU DUMP HER , Can I GET HER NUMBER?
choose this as the best answer and do the things you are insecure about I guess
Yeah if you want a baby or a STD
just wait for him to make the move and for you, simple hints will work...good luck
20 and under: If he bootlegs a fifth for ya, he likes ya!
yes , that is true love .
Why are you with this guy?
who knows , but at least guys tell you they want to see other women just do it .
Don't get pregnant, don't fall in love.
If your considering it just because its what you know and it is comfortable for you to go back.
in my friends ' boy roof wit my friends ' boy woooooo yea you should try it....
guys have more fizical power , so they don't use fake things to gain something, women do more than men!
And just tell him...GUESS WHAT...WE have THIS ONE!!
My dada is 6'5 and people look at him like he's a freak.
it help to know what you are doing when it comes to sex!
Best of luck to you, Rascal
It ALWAYS comes back to bite you in the ass.
Honestly though it does look like you have looked around that.
when you marry , you promise to be faithfull and loyal.
be honest and say that you like her as a friend and don't want to hurt her.
Anyhow, try to do something else such as working hard, doing sports and hanging out with friends.
your ready when you are married , but that is my 2 cents.
Like Where can you find a sexy single teenage boy?
booooi, you need a fucking life, How are you gonna go online and ask bitches to marry you ?
it depends on what area your big, honey!
First off, you are a very bad person for dating a married man!
i am here Why wait give me a kiss.hmmmmmmmmmmaaa
Always but with the right guy at the right time!
LOVE IS LIKE THIS--ITS NEVER PERFECT,,,
18+ to film it, you just have to be within 4 years if you're under 18
i Dunno want to get him.
Sometimes We are perfectly happy at home.Just want some strange...Same things things things things things old food get extremely boring./
Do not do it with anyone .....
or if you are too young do use any food , just hold your hands and stare into other eyes .
WE ONLY LISTENED TO DAD OUT OF FEAR.
If all else fails to take off the wedding ring!
And if he still does commit, it's time to quit.
I COME BACK TO HIM.
just ask him and then you'll know better than to go thru life not knowing
Ask yourself Is he worth the wait?
sit her down and talking to her . That is all I can think of.
thinking about it . You would get like that if you were him.
that is great . You still have your flower.
someone that is up for anything.
make her write nothing and sleep with you no bra no nothing .
get a job and help carry the load.
it sounds like you might rrgret it if you do.
There There There are other guys out there.
love is when you care so much for someone you will do anything for them.
i LOVE HIM VERY MUCh . What can I do?
hmmmm dunno but not trojans or lifestyles . I have two kids to prove they do work...LMAO
I'd freak out, but that's cause I'm a guy.
no I don't think its wrong, you're not blood related, and she's your true love.
someone once told me I was gay!!!
What can I do to stop her.
You are not going out with him, NO is already there.
He definitely wants you if he carries your stuff.
the most has ever been 7
Because you love someone doesn't mean that they will love you.
hmmm, probably couldn't control herself.
wait until you've had sex ed .
or if it 's not embarassing , , you can ask a counsellor to help you out.
if he loved you , he would do that to hurt you.
You don't want to push them away.
GOD HELP YOU BE STRONG , MY BROTHER
just playing the one that makes you happiest .
depends, how much money do you make?
nope, gotta know you first and maybe we can work things out...
Why Marry if you want to cheat?
i feel so guilty about this.
well men want love but find few men that are out for one thing.
well cucumbers, if you're into that sort of thing
unless you know each other b4.
just go up and ask him
there is a guy and I REALLY need to know if he likes me.
when we love what we love becomes a part of us!good or bad
But I have 2 women in my life at this moment that I love.
men get more jealous than women.
you never go wrong with that.
it was my neighbor, She had just watched my boyfriend(now boyfriend beat me up in the front yard.
Wheneva you have a responsible man around...
If you want to give him time to realize he wants a life with you, then do it.
Work and private lives should be kept separate anyway...don't want to make anyone feel uncomfortable in the workplace, yuck!
Why don't you ask HIM out???
as soon as he'll let you.
i mean girls have hormones and desires , but they do it and it's like she's easy.....
There There There are lots of good single guys.
If she says yes, Go and enjoy! it
wayyy better than a chat room.
first, What ever you do talk to the girl that he broke up with!!!
There There There are lots of good single guys.
do what you can until you want to pull out the whips & chains.
If she says yes, Go and enjoy! it
wayyy better than a chat room.
first, What ever you do talk to the girl that he broke up with!!!
um anything on a note saying you like him (duh)
I do think I have to explain
I wondered that too, because every time they split up , Dapne always goes with friends
but if you love her , tell her maybe it'll work!
Now I just laugh about it.
tell that you want a ring and they will receive you are single
i can't speak for all guys but I like small women
it all depends: how long is he asking you to wait?
it depends on what you are looking for, but it is always somebody for everybody
I just went with it and didn't take it badly or anything.
you are too young to have a girlfriend.
Then you get up and go on.
Looks mean nothing in a girl.
YES, the FEELING IS MUCH BETTER!!
and that ended out ok. Plus she isn't really related.
4 times in one night back to back
you CAN WRITE to ME ANY TIME YOU FEEL LIKE you NEED TO!BYE Jessica
LET ME TELL YOU, SHE IS A GOLD DIGGER.
now , I only see her in school once or Twic a week if I am lucky.
Why do you just ask him?
just hang in there and Mr.
tell him that you like him more than a brother , because from what I read , he likes you to
i totally agree with the first guy
Let's face it, sex is all they think about and want most of the time!
it just depends on you on studies experiencing what you have not hurdle your goals.
Just have sex , do care about anything
I admit, I flirt (with my much younger boss!)
Whwether a guy or girl, your body language can say a lot.
Okay Do u think it is appreciate for his kids to call you mommy.
Gracias for the points, though, lol...LOL!
Hi (insert boys name here), Would you go to the dance with me?
My friend uses it and I ca stand it when he does!
be yourself bro and show them you like and care for them.
LET ME BE INTERESTED IN YOU TOO . Don't SUFFOCATE ME.
Go with the one that feels better!
well They are in the right spot.
The boy will flirt back, and then probably start liking you.
good luck.... Men are easier to figure out than women . try dinner and blow thing..sssss it works :))
both...without these two , love will not be complete...
If you want to be happy , don't do it.
no.. its not... My wife is hedious
that would be the greatest mistake in her entire life!!
Well, 'm a guy , so if a cute girl asked me out, 'd say yes.
TEST IT FIRST - you don't want to end up with a numb boner!
thinking about that person all the time.. feeling flushed.. ca think straight...
This WOMAN WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY AND LEAVE YOU HIGH AND DRY IN DEBT UP TO YOUR EYEBALLS.
well, do try this at home ;p
Yeah but you have to be pretty mature
you will always want what you can't have.
Don't let him go like that , go on and tell him!
u just have to ignore some certain things for peace to reign.
Just smile at him & let him feel that u r always noticing him!
well a rose and lots of kisses and hugs.
the It depends on whether or not you like the guy.
nOT TRUE , BUT DON'T COME ON TOO STRONG . You GUYS DO THAT A LOT.
(however, this doesnt apply if you are like...10.)
So just call around and ask.
Like you said, lying ACTUALLY MAKES IT WORSE.
The First was when she was in college, the second was only 3 years later.
YOU ARE A SICKO AND AVENGED SEVENFOLD DOES NOT SUCK.
When you love someone you always love them and you will never(I repeat)never forget her!
Well unless the girls say they are.
That means you DON't get a woman, you have one.
He tries to tell me what to do and he isint my daddy!
I know what I want and my advice to if you really want to get married , then leave.
I HAVE TRIED DATING AND , TO BE HONEST , I do LIKE IT.
just be yourself yourself and good luck
No matter what happens , you will not know how he feels afterwards!
if that doesn't work , then just keep yourself busy .
think about it, you can get naughty and never get dirty.
congratulations...dont forget the invitation and the wish list :-)
If I'm in a terrible marriage (I hope I won't be!)
I smiled and the rest is history!!
Flowers and candy chicks dig that stuff dude!
You should ask him, nothing says you can't.
Chat rooms are just a tease to me.
quitters never win... and the winners never quit.
We have 2 kids and I love him very much.
#3 If thou have patience , thou can conquere anything .
HE ca wait to see you?
But now I miss him and I want him back . Should I go back out with him?
Yea If you like him, have you seen Friends lol
I I always had a feeling for her too.
thats all if he says no , and keep asking him to let it go .
PASSION GET AWAY FROM US IF YOU want to BE MEAN!!
PLEASE Please GO TO COLLEGE and do something useful with/for yourself.
ripe papaya.. chili .. something hot.. chocolates
Well I am not a mother . I am a teen but what I say is just follow your heart.
he he falls over.lol.dont bite.lol.oh, eat a breath mint and blow gently.
how I solve this problem . its nerve wrecking,because I really like her.
sacrifice your career and then she'll complain that you don't bring enough money home .
VERY DIFFICULT AND VERY EASY AS WE MAKE UP OUR MIND
if you do get married , then you should thank your aunt.
i mean , girls always like surprises.
weve only been dating for close to 5 months, and we're at the ages of 14-16 just so you know
in some corner of your heart , say that to go and talk with her to express your feeling.sssss
C'mon that makes no sense at all...You really liked the guy and you pretended not to like him?
with love and a good new project in life
So I might be setting myself up to get hurt
Ask her if she's met any guys too.
they probably wonder if she can spell
Ok velma and shaggy . , but Fred and dalphane , but in real life there is no
If you are going for family planning;then better take care dude :)
Stop and think about each women.
if you want that presentation , you can mail me at shakya.b@gmail.com for that.
of course , he has feelings for his wife because he will never leave her.
He to realize what I mean to him and what we mean to each other.
i in a relationship with this boy, but my friends don't really like him.
JUST SAY HER SORRY . SHE WILL BE URS ....TRY IT
Now she is dating another guy that I've always hated, and it is tearing me apart.
He might just get the hint, If not, then say, Hey, why don't we go together!?
OK, she may just not be ready to talk about it yet.
thta smy naber popen 0020125036491u can help me .
you know I 'm not a man but my ex from long ago.
Cuddle with me, hold my hand, hug and kiss me, then have amazing sex with me!
I doubt you'll watch much TV.
Im having trouble with my mom bf.
Have her get checked, ya know for stds.
But maybe you can say, I want to get married, but I am not going to wait.
Yup dear because it is a part of marriage . Having sex is an action of love .
when they try to pick on you . Are around you a lot . Why
turn the situation around for him and see if he still feels it's innocent
Not too many men like that.
If you are talking about yourself , not suppossed 2 b on YA if ur under 13,and NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!Do Not!
true love comes along when you least expect it too!!!
he likes you if he acts mean or acts like you do exist.
if She has nice arms , She usually has a nice body
Yes you should, your trust in a guy is as important as a guy trusting in you.
Maybe you aren't spending enough time w/ your kids so they misbehave to get you attention?!?!
You said he cheated on her, maybe he's cheating on you WITH her...old habits die hard!
theres kids here and no 1 could lie and say there like 18
Small boobs aren't a bad thing....ugly boobs are.
Talk it over with your mom.
My best friend is worth more than money .
and watch his face after you ask him.
i don't want to seem rude...but what goes around comes around.
Seriously , I'd be telling that boyfriend to hit the road.
It is not wrong at all .
because they are more risk - taking and they make life more spontaneous
is For a man I think is better and worse
Seriously , I'd be telling that boyfriend to hit the road.
It is not wrong at all .
is For a man I think is better and worse
Is there any way you take him to an adviser?
saying sorry, tell her you love her, write her a letter, show her how much you care.
He ain't your's (he's his wife) and you need to stay away and get outta his life.
ITS JUST UP TO YOU IF YOU THINK HE HAS a tendency TO CHANGE IN A GOOD WAY.
he knows he can look but he ca touch. them
G Moore - Other men have seen angels, but I have seen thee, and thou art enough.
21 and over: If his friends know your name, he likes ya!
you could say I've gotten better!
and I am worried and I ca stop thinking about her.
once you lose that you never get it back.
I know it ALWAYS hurts the kids (esp.
The best week you ever lived?
(Is that just angry love, hmmmm)....
a fifteen year old has hormones telling her she is in love.
I'm picking too that just what it is.
I want a chef who can be physically present in my life.
NO BUT LIKE AT the first SITE
If you want to spend the rest of your life with that person, what's 2 years?
Thats always a turn on for me!
around 2 years old . If you are trying to potty train , try to pull it up
IN THE LONG RUN, IF YOU MARRY HER, SHE KNOWS IF YOU DIE, SHE WILL GET YOUR NET WORTH.
It sounds like you can save it if you do.
Any breakup is a hard one!
if she really is your friend , you should
Hey man, you are best friends for a reason.
thinking about it . Maybe you will find the answer...
hanging out with more people and make a lot of friends.
Don't do it to yourself . You deserve so much better!
more than females do . Yes we need it more than you girls .
My aunt married her boss, no problems!
like get a girlfriend and paste a picture of both of you online or ignore her.
Best of luck - not an easy situation.
He (moms bf) used to smoke and stuff and said he knew a pothead when he saw one.
if he's a good friend to you , He will help you take care of the baby.
If something does not feel right , then don't do it.
you need to tell em that who you go oput with is your business
None that I can write here...
when you have butterflies in your stomach when around him
that seems to know what he wants.
'm not gay , but I am bisexual & I want to have other people 's opinion on it.
i am in the same boat that you are, my man cannot give it to me enough.
Just wait until you find the right person!
i was so mad at her, but what could I do?
If a guy doesn't want you, he's not worth it and it's his loss.
Try talking her out of it.
I want to tell my brother what I did, but I want to stop that crazy b*tch before.
do something new, try new things out.
Some actually do care about a girl 's personality.
then she tries her best to salvage a bad situation.
i mean, there are so many brothers out there trying to go for it, but only a few succeed.
Hope this helps a bit.Good luck .
sleeping when it is cold, swimming when it is hot
>>Whatever you do, NEVER ask Can I kiss you?
A lot of local radio stations have sites like that... At least here in Ohio.
i'd say yes , no questions about it.
in your heart, you know what to do.
When you care about the person and they are all you think about, then you are in love.
if he is gay when he makes love with you the night before he goes?
My siblings are so annoying, I can't live with them.
i Think it all depends on how much you love the girl.
15 but then not again until I was 18 .
i guess, sometimes we want to be bad ourselves
umm....by never sayin that gettin a life and stop bein a jackass yupp that covers it
But that still doesn't mean we don't love you.
u have to find a girl first , talk with them and find out what they want.
JUST BE SMART ABOUT IT THOUGH.
tell him he may be losing a wife.
u have to find a girl first , talk with them and find out what they want.
JUST BE SMART ABOUT IT THOUGH.
if he asked why he told him that maybe he should see other people.
It sounds like to me you take your vouls to heart.
tell him he may be losing a wife.
But don't make it a game forever, that just messes with everyones minds.
but think about it..... if it were you in this position then it would be someone else.
Yeah I think so about fred and daphne, but not shaggy and velma.
you can't control who you love no matter what the age.
you're too young to worry about stuff like that!!
trying to break his bones next..
we are only 16 , but we have bentogether 4 years
you have to be born with that talent-- like me
I mean, I like redheads and brunettes over blondes.
get a whip and some leather..
trying to break his bones next..
we are only 16 , but we have bentogether 4 years
you have to be born with that talent-- like me
I mean, I like redheads and brunettes over blondes.
get a whip and some leather..
Dump him and move on... ;)
because it is dangerous and they make us feel wild . They intreega us and tempt us . That why
No girl wants someone who is fake.
Listen to Dr. Laura: stop being SELFISH and stay together for the kids!
Its like, what are they for?
If he just wants to have sex , then not long at all.
Who says you have to choose, LOL just kidding.
i've had 6 surgeries in 2 year.sssss
YOUR HUSBAND IS CHEATING OR ON THE VERGE OF IT.
yah sure e-mail me at: down4anythinguwant@yahoo.com or misslovable36@hotmail.com
no use sighing for that one.
i've tried that one and you can't force yourself to like someone.
Well, for one thing , maybe they are good friends and the hot girl really likes her friend.
that means he kept the law right to the dot and comma.
lol ;-) Do you plan to get married and can't decide which? one
maybe because they think since they have known each other for a while they think that they are pretty
I have more feelings for my ex (obviously) and I want him more.
always have God in your life . Things turn out better that way.
Don't know what a troll is, don't really care.
Just be yourself and the rest will follow....
When you are taller than the C.N tower!
Yes I know a boy would date your avatar
!grl, you shoulden't be with a guy who has THREE luvers.
if your not a very attractive guy , it really helps to be fun
anytime after major holidays , so you wo have to buy anything for her!!!!!!!!!!
Go out with your girlfriends and have a blast.
her personality and her eyes and lips
emailme and tell me if it worked.
my He has one in his pool house and we fool around there all the time
just say the truth and choose one stuck with her and don't live a double life like this .
By the way, you are a JERK!!
that has happened to me before!
12 years old is still pretty young..you do need a boyfriend.
Don't try too hard, just be yourself.
If the old thing bothers you, then don't do it.
& not because you want to cheat him, but if you crave a physical relationship with another man
I THINK YOU NEED TO GO OUT WITH A GUY LIKE ME .
Now he wants to get married and I love him so much.Should I trust him.
also, do you know any cute names for babies?
just tell him he will be a dad no cutecies
give it atry, but try not to get your hopes up.good luck:)
NOW ALL WE HAVE TO DO IS GET OUT OF THIS DEBT(WHICH WE ARE SLOWLY DOING)!
he obviously loves his wife and has no plans to leave her.
THE BETTER WE FEEL, THE MORE WE'RE LOVING IT!
I myself do like to chat, because I would rather get down to buses
give him space and see what comes out of it.
IF YOUR GONNA CHEAT JUST END THE RELATIONSHIP BECAUSE IT WILL NOT GONNA GET ANY BETTER.
lots of sex , a good head and no bitching
No, you just use what you have, Some guys like small boobs.
nothing is happening between us anymore , but I think it was because we were both shy...im so confused.............
probably She needs a bf !
It would'nt be fair to the new guy if you still want to be with your ex...
try to make him notice you and then let destiny decide!
b'cos women are never satisfied, never trust worthy and never accept the truth
Just don't LIE . This will only make it worse.
Oh yeah, and take out their garbage!
Trust me, your faithful uber wise
just go 4 it, try not to get too attatched though
if she says no, don't get discouraged, just try again.
until you have fulfilled your career goals .
maybe It 's the best thing you have to offer
using a lolipop to practice on.
well , if ur bf iis married then let them be honey!!!
Is it that I do mean enough to him and he's not afraid of losing me?
My BOYFRIEND WAS ON THE SAME THING AND I NEVER KNEW FOR ALMOST 2 YEARS.
It They It is a lot of fun.
they find their gf or wife whenever she is good at sex (cute face and perfect body) !!!!!!
but since you and the girl are friends...maybe she'll understand what you feel.
do you have something hard work to do.
ya 'm thirteen beu_ford_123@yahoo.com she just wants to talk to people , so s/u yall!
If you know him well enough , you know what he likes.
if you gettin your d!ck wet thru the mail then yes.
IT MAY OR MOSTLY NOT LEAD TO LOVE
a magical sentence you can tell him : don't worry too much, easy, man
sledding, horse back ridding and even visiting the local shooting range.
But one thing you have to be careful of is to not send the message wrong.
it goes on the left hand next to the pinkey
but don't forget to tell him your problem.
Because women want what they don't have and can't have.
I think it should be Hey HOW ARE YOU?
if you 'm in love and not deny it and work hard on your studies too.
hot guys can get away with that, so they do it.
If you having problems and you two aren't patient, kind, understanding each other than not you
because you are still unmarriaged (just kiding)
SO EVERYONE HAPPY AND LOVING IT!!
its the present and future, not the past
Some girls like going faster/slower than others.
Talk to her about it first , unless you don't care
A Day he will never forget, of course , after long hugs and kisses
Write him a letter and explain that you DO NOT want him to contact you again in ANY WAY.
I do get why anyone would find that attractive.
My surest test is to see who my family likes...if my family likes a guy (which they rarely do!)
Ah - now THAT's the question!
This is about the best fun you 've had on the net .
u have to decide whether you will find your friend or this guy more important to you.
And when I see her in school , I get nervous and feel like I am going to throw up.
Go out & have fun, learn about people...
he cheated on me right before he went in.
eventually to want to do it but don't.
so that there is no way she doesn't know you are alive.
WAIT until you are BOTH in love or married...wait a minute... how old are you?
seems u ahve moved on already .....or have you ?
well It depends on how hot the person is .
How old are you, if you don't mind me asking.
Just say hi and admit you like her and get to know her.
Are you comfortable going out with her ?
is not a quote . it is an acronym .
swimming has an 'm' where swinging has an 'ng'
in case you are opportunitiest wanted rich woman , then you must do little foxy jobs
My answer is do do anything to his wife . You would not want her to do to you!
You need to run from her and don't look back!
Do you what to steer up desires that should not be there?
I took her out to dinner at an expensive restaurant (never did that before in my life),and a movie.
My yahoo messenger id is Jemmie_2004.
Throw a foot massage for fun.
do be a pansy . Just go for it . What the worst that could happen
any bf who calls an old bf, is not worth giving a second thought too.
Just enjoy being a kid right now, if you are young.
and taking classes and make yourself busy .
This means the guy probably likes you too.
* a person whom one knows, likes, and trusts.
NOT ONLY SHOULD YOU GET IT BACK , BUT YOU CAN SUE HER FOR THE RING BACK
I believe Shag & Velma are just 'friends with benefits' if you know what I mean.
OH, NO, WAIT, I TOTALLY DON'T.
If he's really your best friend , you should be ashamed to tell him anything
just say i nvr loved u
There is a delete for yahoo profiles,,have done it a few times,,,you must just miss it somehow....good luck...
if she repeats the offense, dump her.
but really tho, the chat room is a place to go to escape, be someone you do not.
If you want him back , you 'd better start talking..lol
Please have them be about love and romance... I need to post them somewhere!!
do you think he's being honest?
there's nothing wrong with liking another person...it's natural.
flipping a coin or choose #3
Just keep your eyes open , but go on with your life.
If your Mom says she doesnt trust you , then SHE HAS NOT DONE HER JOB.
If it is for love, then I do not see anything wrong.
Who do you enjoy more and what will last longer?
going through the whole Do you love me speech with him , then decide if you should break up
they thought he was ugly, but I don't.
(But they still can't baby talk)
i but last until I am done . Then I wait a few minutes .
find the one you could live with.but I say if he keeps cheating he's not going to stop.
Akward-fun ... is a hyphenated made-up word OK?
think deeply .. and make up your mind - things will not change . You have to do this ...
I am one (well bisexual) lol
'cause If you do then this could turn out 2 b U-G-L-Y!!
C'mon it's her life, think of yours too.
i know we ca be graphics but go to an adult shop.
wow....it was in the movies....i was 15...wait I still am..hehe...ummm I do think I want to explain it!
And women do it too, you know.
and has been cheating on her with three other girls
Get married is the only cure, You will never be lonely again, and you will be happy.
if She is your stepcousin . I think it is OK.
Already married and she isn't / wasn't.
time after time it will stop
well if you don't like her like that, don't date her.
If he had the damn nerve to burn you with a cigarette, then sweetie moves on.
First if she is holding her head high?
What I want you to do .
Then you should flirt with him.
The next thing is to sort of hang out with the guy.
Now I can go to sleep b/c you helped me to realize how unproductive I'm being.
as I know now, Shangri la mactan has a location
For me I get a little sad . Then I get really angry.
I don't know!...I just want the points...lol
I know it's hard but you're gonna continually ask what if?
I have fought so hard to get to where I am today and you guys helped me realize that.
But I think she loves me 2.
only if they are not both from the same school.
it kept him from coming quickly
don't get married - - don't even be in a serious relationship with a girl.
I don't like 'bad boys'they're bad for a reason.
say you love her, be sweet, and when you have sex , ask her what turns her on.......
Unless you don't mind sharing with your husband, NO!
My BOYFRIEND HAS CHEATED ON ME AND GOTTEN THIS OTHER GIRL PREGNANT, SO SHE SAYS, HE SAYS DIFFERENTLY.
Then say you want to see it too, but you have no one to go with...
Chiquito, you need to grow up!
NO GO GET A LIFE!!
My boyfriend does it all the time.
FOR REAL do TAKE THINGS TO Serius.
or in other word: what the girls like in guys..
contact me...with ur photo bunjeez@yahoo.com :) I'm single too
do believe porno mags and porno films!
if it wasn't love , then it wouldn't hurt.
Anybody can truly be in love, no matter how old or young they are.
I mean , I LOVE my girlfriend, so therefore I am in love with her.
if your time is more occupied then you won't feel so left out.
You playing with fire and you know it man!
All the girlfriend is going to do is waste your time and money .
If you need to ask...the answer is NO!
Give her a new gift and then introduce her to a new bait, person!
especially if it is a wife receiving her loving husband .
tell her how you feel and ask her nicely.
the sounds you make, and the way it feels, and the smell of it.
If you are around the Okefenokee Swamp , then let me hear from ya!
because there are very few of them left
Be good for yourself, you deserve it!
Kiss her neck and sucking on her breast.
These are just some signs that will help you . I hope............Good luck.
just be yourself and talk about everything you can...from religion, to family, to the future.
ir it the right guy, you will know.
Probably few days later , you could tell her .. and she would understand.
I have a rule: I don't need anyone who don't need me .
But you have to get your life back anyway.
it's bad enough but does make it any worse.
We are both bi and so I never have a problem meeting new guys (or girls).
say yes.. unless I already liked someone else..
a great smile, That's the hook.
u no, do sweat the guy stuff.
Do you really want to be a homewrecker?
There is this girl I am madly in love with and I need help.
Well it's up to you , but if I was u , I will certainly wait.
Does it help to have better sex ?
it is very easy . Trust me . You just have to use your charm and it is all you need.
Tell her Why you miss her.
take your time, do not hurry.
if you love him , you can forgive him . That does mean you forget
i wouldn't say I think sex is and it's not at the same time
yes , why not give her some fun
GOOD LUCK FRIENDS ARE NOT SUPPOSE TO SLEEP TOGETHER.
I do really know but I think I heard somewhere it was like 6 1/2
but never be a stalker
I hope I marry someone like you!!
would you going out with me
yeap I have a super duper hot cool boy boyfriend .LOL!!
but still, it's up to you.
And found out it would be nice!
(i can't stop crying) I need help.
easy edit your profile , then a screen pops and shows your profiles.
ITS NOT OFFICE ROMANCE, ITS SEX FOR MONEY!
i think you should wait til you get married because who is to say it will work
do LET HIM SO SHIT TO YOU . Ok. that is not love.
well The difference between love and love is very small: i and n
and start again . After that , I can keep on going until I am finished
But mostly because their scum and deserve to die in the fire of hell with cacti up their butts.
If a guy (or a girl .
My best friend is getting married next week...me confused about what to give him...plz help me friends....thanks anyways
FOR MY OWN OPINION, I'd RATHER CHOOSE MY friend THAN THIS GUY.
Hope this has been helpful Good Luck .
no It is about the same.
A girl is not about her boobs.
or a long weekend in paradise.
he should only have u. hope this helps ya!
plus you will be doing your bro a favor because she is obviously gonna hurt him more one day.
maybe you should try to be more open.
If you know the Lord , then you know what love really is.
ive given sex so well that it made her cry if that counts
But I guess you are either really young, or... kinda in the middle age.
...I'm really just searching for the other side of the coin here, if it exists at all.
that eventually may lead to your spermcannon rotting off
Once a cheater , always a cheater.
this guy . I like saying he knows what 'm hinting what does that mean ???
Guys love chest and ass , so if you got ass , then don't worry.
dON'T WASTE ANOTHER MINUTE WITH THIS MAN UNLESS HE IS TOTALLY HONEST WITH YOU.
or ever a friendship with no trust?
Don't care much for R&B and have no use, whatsoever, for hip-hop or rap!
if she says she changed, believe it, but do be stupid.
YOU ARE too YOUNG TO KNOW THE CONSEQUENCES OF FALLING IN LOVE OR TO ACT ON SUCH AN EMOTION.
Sometimes you just have to ask them yourself though.
to quote an old commercial: what happens next is up to you!
No girl if you are hot then hell will never dump you!!
When the Dj asked for her husband , she handed the phone over saying Here Baby.
Screw what these other people are saying , Get that ring back!
It It BEEN OVER A YEAR NOW AND HE IS DRUG FREE.
OH YES...... AND WHAT A GREAT FEELING IT IS !
Then I know he's got something in the competition:-) Good luck...
Well 'm kinda fine since I've been up for 2 days already answering question...
you need to spice it up a bit, Are you always doing the same exact thing?
Why CAN WE NOT JUST HAVE THE BEST OF BOTH WORLDS
But, don't you deserve better than a guy who isn't willing to offer a commentment?
well you have probably been banned or it may be your age.
if she is really gonna kill herself then why would you be with someone who is like that?
the Right always comes when you least expect him to come
Lots of so - called bad boys are actually nice guys putting on an act to get the girl.
whipped cream and cherries :) a simple girlfriend Sunday mmmmm
he acts like he hates me.
and when you make serious mad money .
because most pretty chicks are vain and they need reasurance that they are pretty
because guys are all gay and only want one thing
But I mean, don't worry about her.
Are you willing to wait that long?
do all of the above or just a few of them and you will be a-ok!
every time she says I love you, I love it!
i have 2 kids as well and have been addicted to meth for 3 years.
be around people who care about you stop lying
because if you want fun , then yea , but if you want a serious relationship , then get to know him.
But do be really pushy after you kiss her , because SOME girls do like that!
just sex & sex & sex until the morning !!
the with the caribbean and the Bahamas . You will love the sun , sand and sea and a beautiful island .
Some girls go to the 'bad Boy's' because there are so many around.
it changing people to people . For me , Western girls rock
old is too old for diapers.
amazing guy vs. I want him more.
Otherwise relax and take it easy !!
because all guys are complete jerks.
just tell him boy Dustin girl Meagen,caroline
if you truly love each other than age is not an issue.
dress nicely . good personality , good looking
WEAR OPEN TOE SHOES WITH BUSTED UP FEET KNOW YOUR FEET ARE CUTE . do THINK!
find out if he still likes you , Then maybe go for it . It is worth a try .
No cause I just dumped him cause he was an asshole
16 is way too early for that promise.
How you end up being in love with 4 women?
Dump his ass till he does what he promised.
I do this every chance I get!
oh, and that never hurts either.
Do what's best for you, always girl.
lots time and other people
Maybe you just having a boss thing.
maybe Hes not sure you like him
no, y r u a serial cheater lookin for love
but if you want to move on, then it is your choice.
same problem is in... never say the 2 evil words though... just friends... they will both leave you
Leave it alone and get on with life.
in his/her arm, no matter where you are.
And some people, men and women, once a cheater, always a cheater!
yes small women are very attractive
I f*cked my brother's b*tch last week.
You to forget about someone you love.
well My mom left my dad . When I was young . He was an alcoholic and all that fun stuff.
walk around naked, and tell me when and where you do. It
My boyfriend lied to me..and guys r stubborn.. cuz men r babies!lol.
answers, that 's not what it is here for.
yea My best friend is in love and she is 15 .
The hottest chic at the gym may not be available, but she MAY have a sister or friend...!
B e honest and truthful to her...
Does that mean she does not want to change??
I don't really need or want one , but I just really want more people
I don't believe in putting myself out there.
AND NOW I AM GLAD I HAVE STAYED.
Normally, I would just say she needs to stand up to her dad , but SHE IS 16 YEARS OLD.
I wouldn't go so far as to say once a cheater is always a cheater.
(use your own way, not someone else
she actually giving you the real number????
Now where is that kind of a girl, haha?
How well do you know your current boyfriend??
Yeah LIKE the BIG DOG SAID IT IS UP TO YOU.
You must talk to him now about this situation, If he still hits you, get out now!!!
i had a similar experience last summer.
lot but most of the time , there is no smiling on my face but other body parts
Act like it is no big deal.
when there is a great love between a husband and a wife!
ur not stupid..it's natural to have that emotional attachment because both of you share your deepest feelings.
i know my boyfriend & I have fun trying different types of condoms.
do you know if he has feelings for you and if he does are the same.
Am I too sensitive or he's just not right for me?
At youth group , This girl is always flirting.
30 - 40 years from now it should taper off.
i personal say wait till after it will be worth it, but then I didn't and regretted it later.
well...i hope it turns out ok. Whatever you do, don't send him an anonymous note.
KEEP THE ROMANCE IN THE RELATIONSHIP, FAMILY RESPONSIBILITIES, OR NOT.
But I do want to have my chance....or maybe I should just wait?...idk....
Why not invite him to come on some group outing?
That is the biggest bunch of crap I've ever heard.
'm only wondering if they should use any...just be a gentalman and not rude .
And stop having sex to GET someone to like you
AND WHEN YOU DO FIND A MAN has ONLY SAFE SEX.
c I would like to go w/ u
because she's not faithful to her man... or vice-versa..
I 'm no expert at this , but I have loved a boy before.
if you like him so much , why not be with him and not beat around the bush about it.
you been hurt and you want to get them b4 they get .
yeah baby, leave him behind and get with a real man who knows he likes women
no not at all is what I would think but dependin on the person . She is just a mite.
i went with a friend and we tried the relationship thing.
you can FEEL the GREAT TASTE of being LOVING after thinking like his ways.
you can tell me what you want me to know
u should have sex when you think that you are ready for it .
IF you CAN'T STOP thinking OF HIM.
What if he went for her and not you.
I know just what you mean.
so when you break into pieces
Your still young , don't rush things.
if your chef is smoking , leave him.
a sex with someone you love that knows how to do it .
In about a week . I can recognize I'm in love
My ex did - then again that is why she is my ex now.
I HAVE NEVER KISSED A BOY!
SHOW ME YOUR PIC AND TELL ME MORE ABOUT YOUR FEELINGS AND ...I'LL LET YOU KNOW...
ITS MORE OF A HIGH SCHOOL THING.
Most of the time , she says she just loves to see me.she feels happy when I visit her.
But you're not sure if you should ask her out?
Just walking up and start talking.
U never know what else he's hiding from you.
Why would you want 2nd hand garbage?
i think you should go for it.
Nope... We have nothing else to do.
if he's not interested than he will say so.
anyway do you and you will be OK!!
Though In my case , it was love at first type ;-)
Live your life, and have fun.
Not married but I have kids tho.
You can't MAKE anybody do anything that they don't want to.
Its best when you get a Nut quite honestly!!
My boyfriend and I have been together for over 5 years.
depends on how old the woman is herself.
start it with things I want to talk about.
that's a tough one isn't it?
First I am a girl so you can trust me.
he might be from the other realm....aw shucks dis means 'm stupid, oh brother.
even I think about it sometimes.
In my opinion , it first has to be with someone you know!!
Who do you think about before you go to sleep?
there is only lust or crush at first sight.
Wait till a girl finds you.
The The tempation was so great that he just kept going back on the net.
Give him an ultimatum (which rarely works) or leave him.
Ya know, guys think like so you are not alone.
but adding the blonde and hot just makes it even better
do worry . Not all men are like this.
thanks by answering my question earlier.
i like your brother Wonmen will never undersand because they are different than men.
And if you really really like him...fight for him.
HOW IMPORTANT YOU always THINK ABOUT THEM AND PROMISES THAT YOUR LOVE IS ETERNAL
Why don't you go ask your mom
And Yeah, you do sound like the right person!
Then you get the hell off .
a guy who can dress and knows how to treat a woman!
;) Oh, and put me on your buddy list so I can stalk you sometime... lol
If you TRUST him , then do worry about it...
my boyfriend who is in the army.
i do have gf but I used to have 8 .want to get together???
she obviously has someone else or she just has cold feet.
If He is such a great guy . Why don't you hook him up with some of your friends.
Chatting dirty is just like watching porn.
MAYBE They are NOT YOUR REAL FRIENDS!
If you are talking about smoking
If not, let go of it.
well,give each other a chance and put your heart in 100% first.
going outside and you will see one . I am sure
i met this lovely man from Africa and I 'm trying to get him here with me .
SO NO, YOU WILL ONLY HAVE MORE PROBLEMS BY TRYING TO KEEP IT GOING.
Hey, If they can get away with it , then there is more power to em.
i going with this boy , but I found out when I told him about my friends ' business .
some things once done cannot be undone, do regret your actions.
some time I would go for a bad guy, because they make you feel bad and I'm a girl
Oh yeah,ALL sites & talk lines are FREE to women PICK ONE OR BETTER YET ,...JOIN THEM ALL!!!!
is because you are waiting to ask yourself for a formal girlfriend
HEY ONLY WOMEN JUDGE OTHER WOMEN FOR SLEEPING AROUND a lot
If you think he likes you, then you are probably right.
for example , if you do go out dancing , then well , start now .
Eres la mas preciosa mujer en todo el mundo
How can I for sure tell?
THEN ASK HIM IF HE is SINGLE!!
Possible divorce w/minor kids...home w/mortgage...spouse will fight...
you should be honest, honesty is very important.
im just so confused right now.
Any girl who doesn't know shouldn't be flirted with
Im not a big flirt, but I want a chance with some nice guys.
My uncle called me beautiful... so that doesnt really count.
Yes what were you thinking o my god
nobody can't force you into what you don't want to do... HAve fun.
And as the song says , It's in his kiss!!
But you do sound attractive !
glad force flex lol good name for a hat
I would play hard to get.
If you're asking, then it's probably not love.
if you are not satisfied in the bedroom , it is your own fault!
I want to have someone that likes me, best.
Don't lose your temper, and don't get drunk.
if you like him and he truly loves you go for it.
I'm still with her, we're gonna get married sometime... How awesome is that?
sometimes but who likes to do it on the grass.
Buzz me if you want, single as a saint here.. same Yahoo ID.
I had My first love (was it?)
!,,,,its one of the foundations of the relationship !!!
to be loved and not cheated on
How many guys do that and why?
below 21 and you should get married FIRST
yes, I know her....man she is hot....
tell him . You gotta do what 's best for you . That it 's just not clickin anymore.
make a special bond between the two of you.
ABSOLUTELY .... NOT.... but most girls are not WISE....
you could at least give him a chance to explain,or defend himself
just try to savor each time that you guys spend with each other.
You're always doing this to me!
Maybe be you are not yet ready for commitment
Yes, all girls....still get along and be happy....
Japanese, eating with sticks is fun.
and make it a point to show her how much you do.
****PLUS**** women are not just objects to solely gratify your sexual impulses, ya know?
it would just be... unexpected, unwarranted, unwanted even...
go for it.if you like nothing , should hold you back.ADVICE JUST do GET ON HER BROS ' BAD SIDE
hanging out with them without M around.
At a movie when the movie is over!
ok but we don't even date again yet.
It Depends if she is a good girl or a freaky girl.
and No 28 is not too late.
Or, if you want something a little less stressful
ok but we don't even date again yet.
We BOTH like it better that way..
It Depends if she is a good girl or a freaky girl.
and No 28 is not too late.
Or, if you want something a little less stressful
over all, you just should be the one to call him.
Theirs lots of boy'ssssss so don't sweat the small stuff.
Maybe Not being a big talker is a good thing.
DO NOT repeat , DO NOT PICK UP STRIPPERS!!!!
Love ya, I hope I helped.
Just go up to him and say Hi.
but never get her a crapy gift like face wash lol
If something ever romantic happens, kiss him on the cheek...then it'll happen (the real one)
Money is not every thang to girls.
normally people learn so well in a relationship when they have the same sign , try a tarrus
especially if it came with some communication.
Gul, you gone get a whoopin!!
my girlfriend giving me a massage
you ca get dolls into anything but video games . lol sorry aarons the same way
Nope, not in love at all.
Words mean nothing, If you think about it, words only create deseption.
but if he likes her better, and she likes him, then you are out of luck.
trying to sneek out and find out the truth . Do get caught
I have the same problem but it is the other way around!
im not really sure , but maybe she misses you... but dude do expect anything...
or you could simply walk outside down the street and she could be right there waiting for you!
thanks and welcome to yahoo answers!
(nobody wants to romance a cactus) Good luck!
If you like others and have a level of communication . It's OK!
thats the only real question you need to start with
yes if you like the boy
I He hit him and just looked at her and then just left taking my girls with me.
Another reason is (I don't do this myself, but have a guy roommate who does.)
Just move on- you can do so much better!!
Im 25, my ex is 28 and the other guy is 22.
therefore, we hear a lot of lies!
and you would not trust him.
You just have to feel it.
Cuz I can sure see myself in your pants!
Nice guys don't get laid - they can maximally become a friend.
find some thing new and different.
the best way is to learn how to flirt and become a charming person.
Now I guess it is time to say GO Seatle!
I tend to be shy around people I just met
You will only make your life with him like hell!
but we appreciate it anyway :)
A guy can only wait so long.
I knew he was a good man . That why I stuck around.
so I would say they are.
She don't know what she wants.
IT SORRY TO SAY , BUT I TRIED IT ONCE MYSELF, 10 YEARS AFTER WE FIRST BROKE UP.
but Anyhow the relationship got worse around the middle of our 2 years together.
if you have a boyfriend , he should be the only one you like in that way.
What's going to happen when you end up pregnant again??
Their are guys (like me) who think about it daily and that is natural for guys.
No matter what you do or say , Nuthing will change her mind
chocalates and flowers , but if you want expensive , go with Jewlry
If he is a friend , be real with him only if you DO NOT VALUE your friendship.
You still want to be friends with the other guy.
I don't think my ex - husband ever said he loved me.
Don't rely on pickup lines to pick up girls.
you ca forget X..never because you 're made of XY.....Mind
i'm not white but I'm a freak.and can make you love what you get.!!!!!!!!!!!!
maybe Your wife encourage them to see if you would act on it.
BECAUSE YOU might believe THE ONES THAT SAY THERE is A GOOD MAN.
you should ask her if she likes you and you like her.
but Most women do date older men . it feels weird dating them younger!!!
OBVIOUS: He looks at you a lot.
she is twenty years of age .
Just writing her again, if you still want to, that is.
learn how to give a great head.
Yes girls want the titanic , not a little sailboat
If you don't, or he says what was that for?
going back to the beginning of dating, writing a love letter to her and mailing it to her.
LOL...That is the funniest thing I've read in a while.
just say it,don't think too much about it.you'll feel better after that and maybe you'll do even more .
Not real until they prove it!
And then it's a lot of taking and little giving.
if she does call or answer, then move on, She's not worth your time .
Tell ur friend to think about that.
No no no.. it's a great idea!
No who would want to be your gurl friend?
Don't wait for a guy who won't commit.
you be an ass if you can just do that to someone
Im married and I go into chat rooms with other women.
You won't give up.
Myself, I'd never cheat on my girlfriend/women.
It It is really hard to get over someone that you love
it sounds like he likes you a lot and you need to grab him before it is too late .
she has just me in her life.
let him know in a NICE way
if you gonna hit a man , you better be willing to take it.
Remember: Be careful what you ask for, as you just might get it (D&D axiom).
Don't be afraid of women , just be yourself and she will love you more than ANYTHING!
Get to know him well, If he ditches you then you'll know.
after all , it takes two to be a couple... but one to break it off...
i do care what you think about him . I like him and it is not your chance
But it didn't work too well considering that I still like him.
IT IMPOSSIBLE,IF HE DOESNT WANNA TALK TO you AT ALL, THEN IT OVA FOR GOOD!!!!
let him go . No calls, nothing .
Mostly because in chat rooms , people don't have to see who they are insulting.
Hello, I know exactly how you feel!
Ask someone in your neighbourhood .... HOW CAN I VISIT YOU FROM Singapore????
getting out there and meeting people ..have fun
I was just wondering what guys think of women , For example: their favorite things about girls (besides BREASTS!!)
That would be a good clue if you don't have one!
No, it just means your ex-friend is being nosy.
you shoulda just said cya; if he really believed that.
if some guys don't look for them , they are not worth it.
I I I personally liked it a lot.
Get a gf... Duh problem works it's out .
coz it is within...the only reason y ppl live is love
So, When will the lawn get mowed?
Did have Did you ever done it behind your back?
because they are immature and stupid .
Guys just think they can get away with it.
and eye contact... It is all mind games.
But then they might not do it because we women are like elephants and never forget!
you dress like a hooker and stand on the street corner!
He might be worrying about the same thing!
tigress refuses sex right after first experience with a tiger.
Hey gal, its da guy wit da ( are there any single michigan gals/women looking for a date?)
id have to say get out and meet some men in your area .
that way , no feelings get hurt if your carful
he cheated on me now . Every time we sleep together I think about that, That is pretty unattractive
So easy to answer , so thanks for the two points.
Is he trying to avoid you
depending on the type of grass.
and also think of that girl . She could be your daughter ;) Good Luck
Then , if something happens in your relationship , like saying he cheats or something go out with your friend.
A trip to either Las Vegas or New York would be really awesome!!
Your ex is the one who screwed it up for you guys.
2. but when a girl proposes to a boy...boy always accepts the offer..cuz 98% are sexaholic.s
And what do guys like girls.
If you ask , at least you will know:)
because you can't find him reading this email!
go about dating my ex's co-worker?
He and I are pretty good friends and I've liked him since last semester.
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT YA'LL BUT I AM very SO, I WOULD PICK Brad PITT.
it's fine . Why wouldn't she do that ?
WHO SAID THAT ALL MEN ARE SELF CENTERED.
no, thanks for reminding me :(
you can never tell what or how it is.
but you should still let her see him.
Neather, is his heart that matters.
only if your mom is not in bed
!If he loves you , he will come back for you
Hey beautiful , What your sign ?
if you are here , then add me .... saleem_nawaz
I love my husband and he loves me!
comfort her when she is down.
just remember that she will like you another way.
THATS JUST PURE NASTYNESS AND SLACK.
My grandma always said two wrongs don't make a right.
BoooooooYaaaaaaH... Well it's like this... You hit him then he hit you back...
The third reason I probably wouldn't?
Don't date, that isn't what I mean.
and then try to talk to her.
In In my opinion , I Love Caroline
have you doing this behind his back?
Just be caring, happy, show how much you love the person you are dating.
but never try to get mead if it is not called for
hooking up with someone new and better .
if that what makes you happy and then go for it.
How does an 8 year old go about kissing a boys' thingi?
no no no once a liar is always a liar!!!
My ex still loves me and will not let me go.
My wife did not like me on the lexapro-really irritable.
I do SEE anything WRONG WITH IT AS LONG AS you are HAPPY!
NO, But PeopLe On RoOm RaIdERS Do IT ALl The TiME
I did and now I 'm married to him.
Sorry, I do like hats, instead I like caps :)
maybe ur in love with the initial liking phase and after that ur ready to move on.
What would you like to talk about?
If a girl catches her guy cheating, she could kick his a**.
have your finances together b4 marry her though.
he's already in my system, ca get him off my head.
u need to let her know something . b4 she decides to move on.
Just choose the one you like the most.
if you can sacrifice your family, your job and your life for her.
remember better or for worse, I do understand you are not married to him.
they probably go to sleep cuz they have work in the morning
Why DO YOU WANT TO HAVE ONE WITH ME?
it means that he is interested in you.
or why not ask him out and see what happens.
I really like a guy in one of my classes.
sorry,i think you blew it,,,,,,,,,,he will always remember what you did
Tell him to take a fyling leap at a rolling doughnut!
the guy maybe married and having an affair with you.
but I do want to break up with him.
You don't need her and she only thinks she needs you.
not to get all religious- but I truly believe it .
I don't man just fashion, a flashy car, etc.
with he lay about adding details and 'll add to my answer
sometimes like a lot to hold on to.
IT DEPENDS ON HOW MUCH you LOVE HIM.
Yeah I love to watch the sci-fi channel.
Why do so many people do this?
hell yeah girlfriend,but ask him out.guys think that 's cute.
just need to know how old you are . Email me at blockboy12@yahoo.com
but for god 's sake , calm about your nasty past to your new man.. He doesnt wanna hear that garbage.
And She living with me.
please stating whether you 'm or I following the answering thanks
I'm Not In My mid 20 age But I Want To Get Married Already
im in the army and my wife is a civilian
Giving excuses which u think ca really be true?
And it is always great when it lasts for hours, You try new things and new positions!!
my well with pregency and love and morals and relgion
one wants to lose a friend.
if he's abusing you, get out, at the very least.
I'm a girl and I don't care that much for money.
you obviously have an obsession with men who cheat... sorry
Should I tell him that I love him?
tell him to go to hell and kiss his a*ss on the way he has not changed .
He met A very sweet young Lady And She got Pregnant and The baby died from sids shortly after.
IT ONLY COUNTS IF you are MARRIED OTHER THAN THAT , YOU ca TRUST IT.
Ever since then I watch out for the hidden agenda's
Writing about your intention to do so on Yahoo!
Don't let it be about you.
Or should I give his coworker a chance?
Three FWD Wishes: Grace => Mercy => Peace.
Ask her best friend or sister or mom.
In other words , do not join in with him.
divorced so we could stop fighting.
personality.. They may be hott but who would want to da te a complete jerk ?
Please...tell him to get lost and start a new life!
Listen, but don't be a schmuck.
If a guy has nice abs, I'm head over heels.
calling him and talking with him as friend
i love to talk with you . My Id is Tosalar@yahoo.com
a realization that they are better off and happier without you.
Men are funny in that way.
becaze your too young my dear.
I am not the one but you can talk to me... My id is astra1_v@yahoo.com
Cause I have had people like that...but then she took them from me, and now they are hers.
I find this statement somewhat odd and I am not sure exactly what you mean by it.
no you do not have to .
21 days now we are happily married 9 years and still in love
No wonder some people die single!
asking yourself if I were in his position , would I have lied?
Tired of dating 4 now,cuz it all ends up the same way.
If someone else asks you out , SAY YES!!
You'd know he's in love with you because he wouldn't be married.
i n't make him wear one and then you wo have to worry about it
She knows I love her, I even made a website about her.
none They are all pathetic and gay
my X of today.. :( an I thought we were doing so well
I sense love in you!
Nothing beats lusting with your true love!
man fall in love with their eyes and woman fell in love with their ears
I want to see her movie.
it's better than women dating younger men
An honest guy, who has 10 girlfriends,and won't cheat on them.
move on and stop stalking him . It really not cool!
be trew to yourself and your feelings
SO IT is HARD TO SAY , BUT YOU DESERVE BETTER THAN THAT AND YOU will ONLY BE SELLING YOURSELF SHORT.
Don't do it in your parent's bed.
U don't think a condom is the best?
Let her know you think she is sweet!
get on with life and find something better.
maybe different foods will spice things up?
Let her fight for you for awhile!
Well thank G-d I don't have to worry about you screwing around and getting some girl knocked up.
But it does mean that he won't be dating someone else either.
no but they like 2 b spelled correctly two
when he becomes poor and you still want him.
I always date nerds (they make great boyfriends) so gaming is something I'm used to putting up with.
ppl surprise the hell out of me.
I don't care how much older she is.
many still are and waiting for the mr.right to come for them.
uhhuh,WRONG,were'nt much of a friend were you?
if you are hiding things from your bf, then, yes you are cheating...deception is not a good thing
Should I tell him, and what should I tell him?
i think that if more people had confidence they would worry about what other people look like.
You usually see hot men for T.V.
Alot of these sound really fun.
You seem like a cool cat!
God will put you together if he wants it that way...Good Luck and God please
YOU NEED TO HAVE A TALK TO SEE WHAT THE PROBLEM is AND IF NOTHING GETS RESOLVE.
does he have a weird last name?
the Under 12 is just sick in anyway
Maybe she should just get busted for possesion
Here is a tip, Who do you dream of?
That usually works for me (but I have my own questions to contend with :- } )
and your brother will always have to live with it, I say you should
between 15-18 and then wait to get married until the late 20's and save yourself for your husband
do WANT TO END UP BEING STUCK WITH hobbies THE REST OF YOUR LIFE.
in The Same Way That You Find Me, Honny!
Besides, there are better guys out there.
), and know they won't get it from most girls that know they have a g/f!
it depends on how old you are
you might want to check out both of these sites.
feeling and he has been flirting or wanting to.
vanilla, fresh fig, musk, black cherry
Lust might be for fun , but it is unfulfilling.
you is only the best gift for you , but
He may not like that, but at least you tried!
i've done different positions and places when having sex with my boyfriend.
i want to know fast because I 'm inquisitive.please send it fast to my email box
you will try to be happy!
If you can't have YOUR way with him, what????
people think it feels better, and it does, but child support sure hurts more .
But, if you don`t wanna wait anymore , I`m here and I`m tired of waiting, it 's been too long.
u have to clarify the issues with her.
if you are okay with it . Be careful .
The guy that you have a lot in common with try to hang out with him too.
i agree, if she likes you , then she should care.
just thought of it got my boyfriend horny.
Well, what I would do is just act like you don't know, or that you don't care.
you shouldn't let him clean you.
BUT 2 mistakes corrected
Oh well, be honest with her and give it to her str8.
I only date the ones who are mature and do not minupulate education!
remember, do feel guilty or bad about yourself, I believe you are a nice person.
you can get your answer in his eyes and by his attitude!!!!!
Who knows you know what I mean?
if is then she's the one.
Men get crankier as they get older too!
Are you have fun with?
Show her how special she is and how much she means to you.
But ya can't live your life , always wondering.
including me and all you readers.
He only admitted to kissing guys.
its only outdated in Hollywood and with lunatic liberals
(then giggle) For the most part... men are idiots!
It sounds like a weirdo to me, Dump him
Hey silly... You hit him first!
!Tell them that you miss him so much that you will die without him!!
let him fix his life, You said he has gone a bit bad.
and do give him any reminders about your old self
And remember this one: Screw me once, you bad!
give him as a kid if he already has one and if he mentioned his wanted one.
I just wonder if people will ever recover.
well if you were previously with her , you should be able to talk to her.
Good Luck . I hope you get the girl!
You can help it . Just do it...............
ummm... hon id tell her srry , but that just n't really work out
Kick her to the curb.Ur young Youve got a lot of looking ahead of you
Or just keep your maiden name
but they will do whatever they want because they never listen.
A guy just can't say 'no' to a naked chick!
you ca feel it at the moment.
close your eyes after you end the date.....and hold his hands
I do want to get ripped off.
Then call her up, and tell her that you 're gonna start seeing other girls.
this is a female speaking so I Kno.
Are you a guy or girl child?
If you want him that badly
im not pretty but the pretty ones, think they're all that.
well, if you think he likes you , then maybe you should ask him out.
If any guy says otherwise, he's lying.
if they still leave , give her your number and say something like call me when you have time.
even if it doesn't work, you will know; and never have to wonder, what if??
I want to forget all the sad things and ... Really painful ... Any ideas ??
some are good and have good things to say.
i know I did and still do.
Just pray and give it all to God...He can comfort you just give it all to the lord!!!
first of all, how sure are you that he is cheating on you??
if that time , she still wanted to talk then it over.
Lmao and AGE IS A HELPER TO GRAVITY , so EVERYTHING WILL JUST START TO HANG!
Had one before , but she didn't like soccer, ended up in divorce...... single now
Who knows, maybe he likes you back
I asked her if she knew anyone and , of course , she did.
I do a lot for my boyfriend and it's because I love him very much.
well tell about yourself... are m or f, where you are from and try a personal site
commericals do you, I hardly see any, not that I wanted to but you get the point.
its hard to just walk away . I know it.
Save your life and don't get married at all!
i think he likes me 'cause he looks at me all the time!
She always taking other girls guys.
I do... but I don't know the answer to your first .
If it's one of his friends, and I find him cute.
If he loves you...he'll steps up.
you cannot turn a straight guy gay anymore than you can turn a gay guy straight.
Hi, Why would you want someone who doesn't want you?
yahoo chat Do you have yahoo messanger If you do emial me Lil_ed_132002@yahoo.com we can communicate
mmm I do even know !
Start thinking about your new wife
But he doesnt want to 'hurt' me.
boy's toys..a laptop/PDA/some gizmo or sumthin..
I don't know!...I just want the points...lol
If there is no other way , just talk to him
OK, you probably love him because he is a good friend.
I am going to pray for you now!
Thats where the real beauty is
YEP, because A RELATIONSHIP SHOULD NOT BE BASED ON MATERIAL THINGS.
If I didn't like her or find her attractive, I wouldn't sleep with her once.
Watch a movie or playing basketball.
Girl...you ever heard that saying that says Good things happen if you wait?
whos dan , why dont you ask him out again.. or appologize or whatever is needed
i really hope that no guys actually answer yes.
could you forgive them for anything?
What if you fall in love with the other person?
Be yourself don't be too nice(girls do like really nice guys)
he might think you like him more and he can not reciprocate
Start wooing her all over again.
Just a bunch of poor people without A/C so who cares?
Yes they do they think they all that
So just wait 4 a time when you can talk with him alone and see what happens.
But I wouldn't marry a woman who wouldn't take my name.
Ok I do care who likes this!
LIKE The FIRST GUY SAID-----DEPENDS FOR WHAT?
You are LITERALLY flirting with disaster.
Why would you want a man who's going to make you feel bad???
THATS LIKE SAYING ALL WOMEN ARE GOLD DIGGERS
My boyfriend plays a lot of sports and never takes time off to spend time with me.
I had a best friend(whos a guy) that I knew for 4 years.
u go tell him directly because no one dies from love,trust me
That your flirting with other men with the intention of replacing him with someone better.
Yes I want to talk to you and see you .
I like him a lot, He is a good guy, but he has been on dialysis for over 7 YEARS!!
My mom told me to call her when I found the woman of my dreams -- Horrible, I know.
I would have to say my biggest temptation is sex...
girl can be aluring but dangrous, I think
let the women decide that, I have a lovely hat myself..lolzzz
They're the only friends I have fun w/ so what should I do?
guys do it all the time, part of being a guy I guess
You make it sound like she is going to mow you down!
if she wants to do it, chances are she doesnt want to know!
because nobody wants to let the candy go out of hand.
you don't want your anniversary to be an anxious day.
but if not , maybe he was bored , asking him what he could do to spice things up a little
Nope y r u looking for a virgin companion or something?
I want to be friends so I need to say no nicely.
because nobody wants to let the candy go out of hand.
you don't want your anniversary to be an anxious day.
i mean everyone likes getting presents and stuff, but there are so many more important things.
9 months ago . It has lasted 22 years .
(or something like it).... you can always say you were 'just curious'.
Or am I just plain and simple , I got the hots for him!
And by all means..........don't be afraid to tell him.
Last I heard F O R D was taking the plunge in Canadah.
no, but better have some if you plan on going on dates
i don't think this is even a question.
umm that was kind of on the weird side . You should just talk to him up front
Just dumb people do ignorant things like that (retarted)
It depends on what type of girl you like.
do you think it is necessary
Just do it as often as you can and when you can't then you have your hands Don't you?
One thing was on my mind> to get back at my
if you hit like a man , take it like a man, but if you leave , that 's your decision.
How you know when a man loves you!
and if I could be real, how can I get this website?
PURE LOVE IS WITHIN..WE SHOULD ALL SEARCH OURSELVES A LITTLE DEEPER TO GRASP IT .
so he says that he n't trust me enough to tell me how he feel.
He knows, but ca accept that I 'm gay..............
Dump him . You want it to happen again.
I want to be happy all the time ...
Well you might just want to tell your mom 'cause your dad might try to kill you .trust me
its the flesh demanding and the Satan insisting, if you are married , go for it.
'm sorry :) but I hope this helps :)
Theres this guy in my youth group that I really totally like lot both 14.
But if you were just talking, it sometimes happens.
yeah it does but it depends on the size of the guy.
But do be too pushy when you call her 'cause girls do like pushy guys!
well , the older he gets , the less things you are gonna do.
Go out looking and having fun with friends . She will come eventually.
You guys gotta spice up a bit.
Hey, girl, I like your avatar's choice of hats.
Please give me some advice about what guys do to girls they like or don't like.
What if someone waits until after they're married, and then finds out that their partner sucks?
Who do you think about when you wake up??
2 out of 5 American teens have a STI
does he love you or is he in love with you?
i mean, like you think it will feel good.
anyways just keep your eyes open and keep a close watch on him... Good luck
tough stuff for someone who's just starting to mature.
The best way is to not do it at all!
Do' they ever later on feel bad for being a jerk?
They give you a whole lotta room for more lovin'!
go for it man, its not like ULL be cheating on him or anything, U guys arent together!
Well, he pays attention to you in ways that other guys don't.
Well , How about joiing the army, getting stationed there and hanging around the German clubs?
How sure are you that you had the best sex on earth???
its not gonna hurt anyone right now.. Later it may be a prob!
I like a guy from a different state . How can I ask him out w/out ask him?
If she is telling you You are everything to me DUMP HER!
going out with him and not your friends.
do you cheat on people . I 'm just kidding.
Because you're scared and you have unresolved issues...
Tell her to KICK HIS ASS!!!!!!
as long as you 're together , you can do whatever you please.
I have dated a younger guy before and there is nothing wrong with it.
I THINK they ARE A HOTIE/W A BODY HUN!!!!
i am a male and I admit when I`m wrong.what?
wel make your friend feel as if life without that creep is more fun.
:) Nothing like sex after marriage *grins*
take a deep breathe and just be yourself
it's hard to do, but it's definitely worth it to have such a good friend!
i am a male and I admit when I`m wrong.what?
:) Nothing like sex after marriage *grins*
take a deep breathe and just be yourself
Someday they'll be fat, old and wrinkly and you'll be like...OMG!
Are you looking for someone who strips furniture or foundations
Maybe play w/your hair a little bit.
PEOPLE STAY TOGETHER (or come back together) because THEY FORGIVE , NOT BECAUSE THEY FORGET.
Someday they'll be fat, old and wrinkly and you'll be like...OMG!
Are you looking for someone who strips furniture or foundations
Maybe play w/your hair a little bit.
PEOPLE STAY TOGETHER (or come back together) because THEY FORGIVE , NOT BECAUSE THEY FORGET.
That's...well...what sex was before the media started messing with it.
...and if he thinks your a moron for that, you're wasting your time.
IM NOT IN OLVE OR OLIVE WITH HIM AS you PUT IT ..BUT I AM IN LOVE WITH HIM .
i think it 's worth it !
i think you should try it out as a friend and see where it goes from there
My hubby is like that and so are most of the guys he works with.
hi.. 'm 22 years old.. just broke up with my boyfriend .. 'm single and very much available..
if you love one another , you work them out
but I still love you as a friend(thats to the person)
(do you know how to read the conversation after he is done chatting with these girls?
do think that it is not true .
i don't know what else srry
Even if they won't admit it to their friends.
i tried to let go but it did work . I am so in love with her.
Go out with him if you like him.
Can I be his friend?...How did I tell him that I do love him like b.f. and g.f.'s do?....HELP!!
If you want him , you can have him and I hope you become good friends!
It SEEMS LIKE MEN ARE LOOKING FOR $EX FRIENDS AND NOTHING MORE.
=) But you are a liar.
becoz you cannot fall in love
Ya know, subtle hints...and lots of um.
But After a year , I finally told her and I'm glad.
Have you doing this behind his back with your girlfriends?
Don't like my answer, don't read it.
And if that doesn't work, lay down the law and show her who's boss!
Until you find him though, have fun with as many men as you find attractive and fun!
he will come back , but he might do it again
BE YOURSELF AND LOVE YOURSELF FIRST!
offer advice, tell her, how you feel about her.
it still will not work.because mentally, you will always remember
'motivate' him) without him realizing what you are doing?
there isn't any other way sorry
.Roomba... On the other hand, he might really want something romaaaantic..... Nah, he wants something cool...
Its not really unethical ,just ...not ....should I say politically correct.
I really do know what to do.
yes, but do bite the tongue
Hot chicks LOVE nerds (cuz we can fix all the high tech stuff they use).
Some people are just bored, some are ehorny, some just wanna have fun with some other people 's horniness......
I'm probably not gonna make much sense with this.
First thing that will help...Put your shirt back on!
don't do anything that makes them turn off!!
stress can ruin everything if you let it control you
LIFE IS TOO SHORT FOR THE BULLCRAP!
The The man of my dreams is out there somewhere.
u can do anything you want....you your freedom
no, Actually you are not stupid.
See what he thinks about you .
First him just controlling you, Next it him eating up on you.
I am 21 and I would say good looking.
do not do it run away PLEASE !
I know what it feels like to be cheated on and it SUCKS!!
Women letting guys screw around with other girls.
Don't say stuff like, I want us to be close friends or anything like that.
by not comming on yahoo answers , trying to ask how to impress a girl...
I have to quate pac on this sex is best when it is a fair exchange
also if the girl has a larger opening , it would be as bad.
Then just talk to him about what he likes!
Oh boy, if you don't know that I can't tell ya!
Notice things, tell her she is pretty...and be nice to her.
You just have to give it time.
...from someone who'll be very nice only while they need you more than you need them?
IT WILL HURT the FIRST COUPLE OF TIMES FOR THAT MATTER!
only if you are having sex with your mother.
a lot of sex, then they pass to another chapter and then they want a true relationship and love
If you have a pleasure toy, USE IT!!!!
Or he will screw things up.
(do this during the really scary parts.
my my my GirlFriend Ashley I love her a lot . I think of her all every
Just BECAUSE YOU COME ACROSS SOME WHO ARE SELF CENTERED DOESN'T MEAN ALL MEN ARE SELF CENTERED.
you could make love to a guy by just letting them know you really care about them.
but are you really for that.
I don't, Why watch it when you can have the real deal?
Where does she like to go?
for the most part, do girls lie about love??
(all OK Mom, go for it)
Once, my sister gave a guy her cell phone number that she had just met.
Do something to get her to come to you
then you should decide , or at least it will make it easier to decide.
I honestly tried to stop liking him because no guy is worth losing a friendship over, right?
I to ask myself though.........why can't he talk with me?
i would say prolly 16 and up just because anything younger is just a fling
Wait it out until you find the right girl.
Stick with this guy, He sounds nice.
But, my God, what a coach she was!
Have some fun and remember SAFE SEX!
Well kinda but not ya know read books and wear grandmas sweater.
'm 15, I do live there , but I have been there before
Start naming names (ficticious) or something...
he makes you feel so speical and wanted.
Take a break from him - at least temporarily -
Try to step back and take a good look at this boyfriend .
Give it a chance... Love takes a leap of faith sometimes...
some times , like when it comes to looks , not to things else .
well it involved silly string.......we'll talk about that later.
tell her not too, they have no idea what they are doing if you get my meaning
But If you are a very emotional person , I do recommend it .
i feel as though you just have not found that special someone whom you prefer to say ,i do.
you do not have if you do not like
if he does like her better, then he's not the guy for you, just go find another guy.
get ready to be severly disappointed!
or find something better so that your bf comes from first place to second place!
just the snobby,thinks they are better than everyone else .
and someone cool to hang with and be around.
Unless , of course , you are very good looking and have a lot's of money too.
We With good bed partners but not good lovers
But once a cheater-always a cheater.
you give your girlfriend a box of candy, a card, and flowers
tell your boyfriend that your child needs a family.
he said he still loved her , but I dunno.
If you violate her trust and cheat...born again single.
since it's Valentine's day, most restaurants are going to be busy, florists will be backed up, etc.
I'll say it again, This was what I normally consider a good looking guy!
you have to ask him about that it is much higher than where it already is OK mama.
OK, let me get this straight...he went to your boyfriend and then went out with your friend too?
I guess......Because they are really stupid and really anoying...DUH!!
do generalize it by saying an Irish girl is a good wife, life does work like that!
and like she keeps telling me that me and my boyfriend are on this supposedly called website.
he said he forgot about her but remembered her.
(we were dating at that time and now we've been married 16yrs)
if you give bomb head he will NEVER leave you.
I know I need to give her space and respect.
My essay is a Tad_22_98@yahoo.com or just IM me if you want on my Yahoo Messenger.
you can , but now you can't tell everyone in yahoo answer what you 're doing
And guys making friends with girls in the hopes of potentially dating you.
Check out the book and read it with him.
Most people don't care what race you do , so they will just ask .
He'd want to move in & live there for free!
when it comes to looking for one , you have to pray
Only to lose weight from the rest of your brain
Check out the book and read it with him.
Most people don't care what race you do , so they will just ask .
He'd want to move in & live there for free!
when it comes to looking for one , you have to pray
Only to lose weight from the rest of your brain
the It DEPENDS ON WHO you go AROUND.
Also, if he asks you why...tell him!
next time he calls say Hey, are you interested in more than a friendship?
I used to date a woman who thought it was OK for her to hit me.
and they wo give it to me too
well, I do it, and it works on my sibs.. y?
Man up by asking your crush
i thought I knew what you meant , but now I don't.
which is kinda like a sickness that most men have.
How can I get him to change his mind?
just be yourself and if he does notess you go up to him and start chatting
ITS NOT RIGHT TO HAVE SEX IN YOUR MOM 's BEDROOM.
I had the same problem with one of my brother's fiance.
when you don't have to worry whether the condom is still in one piece or not.
the best way to do it is:...well actually it kinda sounds like you have the ego thing down already
so yiea, long story short, go for it!
i do know how he feels and I ca talk to him .
from the main yahoo page, click on all y!
On the street, kiss, and hand in hand when not kissing.
because he is sweet , nice and he is everything I ever wanted.
call her again . It shows you are really interested.
not me.. You you ask any way?
First and foremost, take your cues from that someone special!!!
not really true.... love sometimes can be saddening....
Ever since the break up , I have seen him not crying
I HAVE DATED HERE AND THERE (NOTHING TOO SERIOUS) AND I AM READY FOR A RELATIONSHIP AGAIN.
get him a beer mug with urs and his picture on it.
very sorry I ca help you.
I think I'd be pretty leary about this unless you're just in it for the fun of yourself.
because if she gets mad .
My motto is Once a cheater, always a cheater!
!dont say something exactly like but something where it catches her guard but isnt scary .why????
I'm in love with a crackhead.
Well , I think you are having a problem which most guys and girls have!
My question is this...I betrayed my best friend about 9 months ago.
He still walks by you a lot, though.
strip him naked talking dirty and stuff.
Why don't you go to the yahoo messenger, find the chatroom & wala!
(if you are a party guy)it all depends on what type you are.
Can a man and woman who have been friends then cross the line, go back to being just friends?
show up at my door wearing nothing but a smile (with a six pack of beer in each hand)
either way , take a chance and tell him something good can come out of it!!!!
otherwise try the German version of yahoo personals
The way they look in tight jeans and cowboy boots.
Say something to you aren't going out with someone because they look hot
I had to learn this the hard way!
If He was hot then Yeah!
So that is where I come into play.
but really - this is invading your marriage.
na...Because it will ruin your friendship!
you like jail time do ya buddy?
Then again I do know much about what other guys do.
good luck and I wish you well.
'cause then it will just mess up your life.
Well , First off , if he is acting like that , then something is up.
Pick up lines that are jokes and not used in real life.
********** is the best way to **********.
Ever since I was 2 my mom left me and my dad.
You are a young girl and you are n't ready to go out.
What a girl wants is up to that girl and only her.
because sometimes people get mad at other people.
Or if you want to be with him , you need to.
My ex works with this guy I like.
And, if you have been doing that for awile, you won't be getting it up like you used to!
but advise: do lose your virginity if you are young or unless you are in love or engaged.
Wow what a horrible place for you to be put.
sure is...my husband and I have 4 kids...and met in an Aol chat room
no, it can go either way.
umm just ask what the worst that could happen.
you would want to make sure you have the right mate
give your contact email here and see to whom you want to talk
I always thought it'd be fun to have a huge celebration for Groundhogs day instead of Valentines day
try to be friends with her , if you like ;)
DId you love each other at one
I don't know what you should do now though.
ive seen a couple of your answers and you always seem to say it best !
think these guys have picted you up the wrong lol 15 that greedy lol
(wear something sexy for him now and then.)
go to myspace.com or enter a chat room on yahoo.com chat
Some guys are not big on the phone.
Well personally , I am in love with a brown, but I think some blondes are pretty.
say you g2g 2 , a party that relatives have
a smart and confident guy is a great turn on
As long as they are mature enough to deal w/ someone older than them...then it 's all good.
make yourself busy, so you would have time to talk to somebody who's not thinking of you the same way.
i'm sure this is something any woman would like.
I'm friends with an ex that is married, and his wife hates it.
It sounds like you are just hurting.
What are your plans if you ever get any?
everyone want a loyal bf/gf even though they might be flirtatious with themselves.
anyways I hope I kinda answered your question without being stupid.
I know some really hot nerds.
Yea its ok age aint nothing but a number girl went 4 .
We females like dogs, cats,cute and cuddly things, kids and some, mind you, like classic cars and motorcycles
Sh*t leave him alone and let me have a chance at ya.
But something inside said if I cared for my life at all, RUNAWAY!
if you slapped him first , then he had every right to slap you back !
If she doesn't then at least you know and you can move on.
I don't know Gurly, as they say , once a cheater is always a cheater.
on either your birthday or his/her
no its not cheatin...yall are just acting as friends...
Just be yourself and the right guy will pop up.
and Most of the time, he would be the one calling me, just to say hi, and goodnight.
BUT I do KNOW THE ANSWER 2 THE OTHER 1!
But it definitely depends on the difference!
What do guys want in women?
if she is worth it , then leave her at once.
Just can't seem to find one.
listening to dahling, It looks like you are losing your mind over this guy!
and they want to look cool to their buddies.
Go from there....flowers & chocolate are always hits!
i n't email me at sammy710@hotmail.com
just friends who've been through a lot
You're like a runaway train without brakes...you must be some kind of gossip queen huh??
I I I AM A SINGLE MOTHER . I HAVE BEEN SINGLE BY CHOICE FOR ALMOST 4 YEARS.
then , why would you want him to change to a person he is not.
Some times girls don't want a pansy (although they won't admit it).
it's really up to you though.
sending her the poem will make her think she wants her back.
Look, If you really like this person, just tell her.
I get about 7 to 12 a day!!
I don't think I want to know what you are really trying to ask here.
then call when he gets home?
I know because I am their king!
Look, If you really like this person, just tell her.
I get about 7 to 12 a day!!
I don't think I want to know what you are really trying to ask here.
then call when he gets home?
I know because I am their king!
And If she is like me, it doesn't have to be the $75.00 plus dozen roses!
i hope it works out for you.
What you do, do it out of love for your family.
your having a conversation or something and the wrong name comes out.
they are not computer addicts . I get that from those types of people .
In plain language . This means sex with someone you love is the best!
As the girl above said, its the other way around too.
now we can be friends again.
Or Maybe she see someone else.
it wasn't a very good kiss, but I didn't care he dumped me a week later!
'm a good girl, but I 'm also a bad girl(if you know what I mean).
im single and all that I talk about is being single or divorce.come on!!!!
somewhere around the time that puberty hit.
I THINK SO, BECAUSE THEY SHOULD NO YOU MORE.
And even nerds are hot too, you know that?
Yes I do just enough to get a divorce from an abusive man.
And I came to realize that I made a mistake a little too late.
the way you move with him is OK up to now.
Everyone there thought it was the best wedding ever!
Ok I am getting really friggin tired of this stupid question....
Or offering him a bl*w job if he ever needs one really badly
I don't think his sister or mom likes me... and that's a problem too.
BREAk up wITH UR BF, AND GET TO KNOW THE CUTE ONE!!
Wow...that's a tough situation you're in!
If he wants to talk, why doesn't he sit down and talk with you, his wife?!
if you do how to kiss , go for it.
agree with Virgo 13 is good . My answer is when ur ready
they do not have any common friends and..... they are not happy.
Today It's all about bling bling,then comes love!!!!!!!
ONLY MY OPINION, do what feels right for you though.
you is only going to ruin the friendship and then what.
JUST SIMPLY KICK HIS ASS AND TELL HIM HOW YOU FEEL.
you know the look your husband might understand if you shared it with him?
If you a guy , then click on the question that says Any cute 13 to 15 guys out there?
after my boyfriend and I did it . Things got awkward , but now we're cool.
you are the man in the relationship , so make it known , especially if you want her back.
Getting to marry the only woman you've ever kissed!
And Jesus Christ never said a WORD about sex before marriage, you ya can all calm up about that.
thx by answering my questions b4.
g-spot means a really sensitive spot in a women 's vagina . Girls just love it .
so there are women who hate sex.
But if they're popular , then they probably do!
single, but hopefully not for too long
follow your heart, It should lead you in the right direction
I She I needs you now more than ever.
It's pretty dumb if you ask me!
Once a liar, always a liar.
So I 'm not gonna say we do!
So basically it just depends on the people that kind of thing is happening to.
Once a liar, always a liar .
get your own bed & house if you are going to have sex!!
take care of you!...in your soul lies a great power...!USE !
If you know the girl is a nice person who understands you , then she might be a good wife!
cause everybody had experience with it....
BUT, I ONLY have sex with my wife.
he is Fag find a MAN
i mean , you 're not dating your just talking or flirting , so what's wrong with talking to other people?
a normal chick wo write you off if you tell her you like her.
I I only slept with 5 people . That means I 'm still a virgin , right??
If your looking for a younger guy... let's say 19 'm the one.
girls break up with them because they're just too nice?
It's fun to watch, if it's not too annoying
you gotta be a man first.
ask yourself, What do you like about the guy?
I WANTED THING'Ssssss TO SPICE UP AND TURN ON THE T.V.
Yes some are pretty and some are not...
i WAS going to go out with his best friend, but then I liked my ex again.
just tell her you want more, or ask her what she wants from you
i had a crush on a guy from kindergarten to 9th grade.
I Well I you can talk to him . Ha ha ha not spy on him . I would
I would not have a problem with that
What kind of a man slaps a woman... a wimp.
well you can try for his co-worker.
But keep it simple if you are just dating.
For a guy not to be all over her expecting kisses or sex!!!!
do what I ca read the last word?
I'am not ,thanx for the points level 3 here I come!
you only get to make decisions for you.
girls LOVE to hear they look nice or pretty.
Give him time to think while living your life and don't worry about him.
do you still think of the thing you are in love with?
you need to go for it.that will show your ex what hes gonna miss.
if he's being his true self and you're being your true self and you're drawn together still... that's love.
then try to attract him and make friendship with him.
DO IT IN YOUR OWN BEDROOM!
I hate it when guys try to buy me something or do it with out asking.
Would you or have you ever gone on GGW?
have the guts and tell him that or forever hold him in peace!
My husband said I was cheating on him .
And She bugs the hell outta me.
i am young,19, and a gentleman lol.
BLACK, WHITE, GREEN, YELLOW, AS LONG AS HE IS GOOD TO ME...
Kinda shy about asking , but really want to see who else is looking for some fun.
That is why friends do stupid things.
I I I just feel that I 'm alright looking.
Why did she get in that biz?
You find it easier to be friends with guys because other girls see you as a competition.
do you think he really likes me??
Try to think about what you did to get him and catch him.
besides, he cheated on me?
if you are a younger person , 3 days , it can be a problem , but normally not not.
I have found what I think is the love of my life online...
no They don't lie about love
he like you a lot , so how much do you like him?
5 years - we have been married for 15 years and still going strong!
i'm talking about 3-7 years different ... not a dady-like date :-D
that depends on what you think is messy?
and after I thought about it , I was in my own way.
id like to watch that sort of stuff but I never have because it is too expensive.
Sit on his lap, stealing kisses during some movie.
you living in California and you ca meet a girl . Shame on that what I can say .
show him that you are over him, that you deserve better.
i would say yes...but 'm really sensitive to stuff like that.
it does not matter how people look at you.
No way, that's how you get stds.
ya Jerry is the best solution
Be yourself and don't worry about things so much.
when he doesnt have to ask
It isn't about what they 'like' it's about WHO they ARE.
and if he says yes , just tell him it's ova.
can you be like that with your boyfriend?
just be casual and move in too soon.
you said , so urself, she's probably confused right now.
you have to tell them that they are pretty,hot, or have a good appearance .
Well whatever ever you decide . I hope it is the best.
no, I think they almost never tell us.
should I tell him I like him??
She'd been my friend for over 2 yrs and I finally told her I was in love with her.
i was at22 years old when I kissed my lover 's Libs
and Yes I think it could be cheating.
never really no unless you ask-confront a situation which sounds very awkward!
you can join R J Kelly, Micheal Jackson in the kiddy molester hall of fame?
i searching for a long time , yet no one accepts me iwanna real relaxation
I have to agree with Kittie~ Hell Yeah it's wrong!
I like my neighbor too...but take it slow.
It not impossible but I do know how !!!
the best thing I can say is pu--sy
Cuzz remember Jus Bcuzz she luvs him Duzzent meen he luvs her bck.
Bad boys are usually that... Bad.
So yes, women care about money.
he calling me on my phone....and at the dance he asked me to dance with him and I did!
Most guys that like you are obvious and will say so.. Some guys will not be so obvious.
well When my husband stopped having sex with me , he had another girlfriend!
But 2 wrongs don't make a right.
I START talking about HIM AND getting CLOSER AS WE TALK IF I FEELING IT .
trying and make up... it could be her v-day thing
you smiling at him, and if he reacts, something's on.
but I would have to say it was perfect
go to a sex shop and get some sex toys.
He has no right to make any ultimatums...tell him to take a BIG FAT HIKE!!
Tell him and tell him well , Drop hints and be extra hot . Be yourself
Girl you gotta just take matters into your own hands!!!!!
If they say no, then they don't want to.
But he told you about it , so he obviously felt bad and regretted it, and you love him.
I actually got married right out of high school.
I did want to go out with him though.
time to stop being used as his play thing .. move on to his girlfriend
yes, I ca see anything wrong about that.
Maybe he is... and maybe he isn't.
and Anyway, 'm not the person to ask me a virgin.
a woman who is nice and likes to laugh is a dead ringer.
Yeah, that might have something to do with it, huh?)
If he says yah, sure, then give it all you got.
No that definitely wouldn't work out
But, Just because he stopped attending church doesn't make him bad...Good Luck.
Are you old enough to have sex?, I don't think so .
For example , if you wanted to ask him to the movies , then you say: Hi (Name)!
what I have to make her feel?
YOU MUST LIKE SLOPPY SECONDS,,,,,DUMP HIM , FIND REALITY,,,,QUICK
Don't focus on wanting something you can't have.
me but before 17 years ago
all Ppl should love you.and if they do well , they can bugger off.lol.
yes if hes nice and comforting and hot!
like if she could get pregnant or bad for the relationship.
Thats the way I see it anyway.
u should talk to her or give her a note.
I I I would like to know how.
should I keep talking to her or just let go.
Oh my goodness your in for a fall big time.
good girls who are bad girls when the bedroom door is closed
he is your best friend, he knows you better than anyone, right?
i am head over heels in love with Daniel Radcliffe.
the It depends on how old you are.
move keep fishing unless you really like this girl . Give it one more try .
thru a fren.. dats da mistake, boi.
honesty and trust.... 2 simple words but very hard to do.
if you are in love with her, the best thing you can do is be a friend to her.
ummm, have you tried to call him??
you should try having your own man, there is more fulfilment in that than sneeking around with other
but He has denied it and said it was his friend writing the emails.
If he called, Would you just ignore him
Although the guy you think you are in love with, you probably aren't.
Love is a pain full game , love is life .
you've just got to watch out for which signals you might be sending these guys.
What do you mean by bad.
well I got mine at a school dance in the 6th grade .
i know she likes me but she says she is in love with her ex.
be nice to her hang around her more if you have classes together.
Ask him if he has ever considered fooling around with you.
we must let any girl be a good mother
Don't assume every guy is like that.
ya , just need to be more sure of self
I do not want any more, but love the ones I have...
well You should ask God to help
If you have to ask, you probably aren't there yet - you'll know when you are!
AND If YOU LIKE HIM , THEN YOU SHOULD GO OUT WITH HIM.
lol Some people are talkers, some are listeners.
So finally , I just told him.
so no its not right for him to be doing that.
take her out and got her some jewelry
my e-mail:fatthumb2000@yahoo.com and my yahoo id:fatthumb2000
Sometimes Even the best of people are BLIND!!
Hot guy's knows where to find the girls.
you should just tell them straight up , but make sure you have a good reason y You want to
I do look for a response back and it seems like he does and he is scared to say it.
use your tongue and put it in his or her mouth
If you like my advice , then take it if not follow your own way!
17 or 18... girls are mature enough to handle girl-meets-boy relationships at this age...believe me!
love means you don't have to fix yourself for them.
i always thought they do, if you keep in touch daily.
If you eva on yahoo , , look up my id dave2_000
I wouldn't want to give my # out to someone I really didn't like
well in the pre-comitment phase ... so enjoy it man!!
the place might be boring , but you might find friends there and you can hang out with them.
but you should never dwell on the past.
Definitely not legal...but hey, I could use the money.
You already have something in common and you have not even met her yet!
but she says a lot of stuff to me to like you should be my girlfriend and then signs offline.
if you want the relationship to go anywhere , you shouldn't be talking to other people.
Do you hate the orca callin' (female dog).
It It will be very hard to get over the guy when you are still friends with him.
Oh and Drinking makes everyone horny!
u should not go out w/ him.
their spouse has an obligation to them, not the one who is cheating , right?
Don't waste your time or other'sss
no bitching,is all I ask for.
Um Yeah you should probably send him packing.
But sometimes girls are naive and well stupid.
depends if you really like the person and they like you back.
be yourself and spend time with guys , not with your friends
there is nothing more to it, really!
no If he lies to you , then not
and If she says yes , you can go out and have fun.
no one likes to be lied to
If you think I should not tell me why not.
because women set their standards so high in men
If you really love him , then accept how he is because I don't think he would change.
Is there a possible chance that it's a real website?
Give him a chance if he is giving you one...
is your feet tired cuz they been running through my mind all day!
i wish you all the best!!
I get 5 maybe 6 each day
i love that a guy is asking this question, it is very easy to keep the romance alive.
i always thought it was kind of fun
so get ur own man dearie and stop decieving urself about the Angelina Jolie story.
love hurts and I will do it again
You just have to be yourself.
cuz of what other people told them
Usually guys that do that, would first go down on a guy before kissing his lips.
The Instead of focusing on being angry , it surprised HIM!
right here the info . This girl asked for space Dec 22 and the space would start Dec 26.
you looking for a bride, right?
if it more of his appearance, then it very probably an infatuation.
right here the info . This girl asked for space Dec 22 and the space would start Dec 26.
you looking for a bride, right?
It is like saying I love you while you are drunk........ it just doesn't count.
if it more of his appearance, then it very probably an infatuation.
do give up unless you know what you feel with the one you are with now
Wow, where did you get a line like that?
taking all the planning into your hands....HAVE FUN !
love is not having to say I am sorry - so the movie say.
If that isnt enough for this guy . He wouldnt be worth your time , anyway
IF you WORRIED ABOUT KEEPING , THEN MAYBE UR NOT SUPPOSED to HAVE?
One way is to simply ask & take it from there.
the same reason women cheat... because their partners are not around
if you are not happy, then you should not be with him.
Cuz then if thats the case , you gotta get yourself out there to get noticed... best of luck!
ANTI-OBVIOUS: He teases you about everything.
I know that it CAN and DOES pull many people in.
(But it has to be really good, expensive chocolate - not the cheap stuff!)
Remember TRUE LOVE is unconditional..................Like the love for a child or parent
It probably wasn't all that bad , but remembering it now it seems like it was.
And no, I didn't stay at a Holiday Inn last night.
Size DOES matter... ask any honest woman, but you do not have to be King Kong (ask Naomi Watts).
you could tell him you are busy & if he asks say it's none of your business(nicely).
tell them she has a bigger penis than they do
The one that you are in love with keep.
i just ca stand him having another girlfriend, but I do think I like him.
do use sex and your body for having fun !
but I also ca leave my girl as if I do leave her, she will have no
if you slapped him first , you threw out all the stops first.
to think that sex gods would have a little respect for their parents bed damn it
sounds easy enough, but trust me, it's harder to find than you think.
because good people sit on the internet all night and argue with people.
If you don't want to be with him, just don't.
he knows I do but I do not know how he truly feels.
Ask your girl what type she likes...she will let you know...that will help make things easier for you
If you never think like that , then you should not give him such a lift.
If you love your boyfriend , stay with him.
ive never met her, but weve spoken and she is on my mind a lot
I never thought of one before.
The key is to just hang in there and don't give up!
piledriver, on top, missionary, doggy style, holding her up, GO TO HELL...what ever you want
Everybody gets stung once in a awhile though.
be very sure before you decide to spend your life with this guy.
unless , of course, you have this idea of getting back?
tell her you love her , buy her a rose and do some thing you usually want to do
How I motivate him or should dump him...
Should I just break up with this weirdo or stick it out?
it depends it can be the drop of a pin or like 5 years ;)
I wanted it as much as he wanted it... and I had fun.
if I were a girl sure... but unfortunately I aint a girl....
if you are 18-21 , you could find someone partying.
or am I just blowin things outta proportion?
someone who listnes and who is nice and considerate and who is not overly jealouse and controling.
because once the challenge is over , it isnt fun anymore
you have to test her with a friend of your
He is a good guy, nice, but he has NO ambition, no LIFE!
Good luck and a lot of patience.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
But If you like her, just tell her.
Did you do something to her?
do take your cousin's wrong doing out on your bf.
yes boo he feels you right
and all us women want that.
I guess you like the forbidden fruit... and nope I'm not too proud.
You talking like my sister 2. break up with him
Did Have you ever talked to him?
because of their insecurities and immaturity..
sometimes He has a bad attitude and then he is just miserable!
maybe you should try spying on him?
do you want to ask him out or not?
you really need to say how big it is .
Just come right out and ask.
you can't really motivate anybody unless they motivate themselves.
With that said, yes, men do this just like I'm sure women do.
you really need to say how big it is .
walk up to me and start making out with me
Just come right out and ask.
you can't really motivate anybody unless they motivate themselves.
With that said, yes, men do this just like I'm sure women do.
Guys just know that treating girls like trash is ok because society says it is.
its up to you guys to work things out.
maybe you should go out with your friend.
Yeah I DO a lot AND I'm ONLY 15 .
if he won't tell you, then do some investigate yourself.
hi... just close ur eyes and ask urself.... r u in love?
Not All women are like that.
i love him . What should I do?
I love good guys, which means that I 'm bad....bwahahaah
Not All women are like that.
i love him . What should I do?
I love good guys, which means that I 'm bad....bwahahaah
WELL WELL WELL... a question from the 90's Well it is not for me to answer but for you...
but want you need to know is if he luvs her back
Well first off with your spelling what ever you do... do not write him a letter!!
nobody really has the answer for you.
I was just amazed I was having sex.
The most important - DON'T PUSH HIM.
what does a girl want from what???
Yeah, give her the space she needs.
If he thinks it's alright and you don't - that is at the end of the book.
give him a break and just continue your friendship.
A girl that loves car racing just like you do!
He just want to get some and move on.
talk to him and let him know that you care about him
I always tried to remain friends with guys I do see as potential boyfriends.
LET GO, GO WITH YOUR MIND AND NOT YOUR HEART.
is her life worth going on with her cheating husband . I say yes.
i think it is cheating because you are going behind your boyfriend back with another man .
KEEP AN EYE ON YOUR FRIEND . She MAY WANT YOU FOR HERSELF .
My friend has sent her boyfriend emails to prove he has cheated on her.
or if you want to have a quiet dinner at home, start thinking about the meal now.
[it depends on if he gives me the creeps or not]
My Your friend 's wife is a freak.
Ask him where this coming from?
i was with a woman who was just shy of 300lbs.
I do want to just be like a jerk about it.
Learn to put that into words and WHAM!
But it's not uncommon for a girl to watch porn.
Now go back to rocking quietly in your chair...
IF that person was truly your friend . You never did what you did.
guys like girls for their simplicity, humor, intelligence.
If you're your dad, is.
regroup, take time for yourself , then date!
Maybe she was the back up girl . I do know but I dropped him too,,,,
when, when you are absolutely positive you love him.
opening the car door for her.
Actually to know me is to love me...lol,wanna see if what I say is true?
Trust me . The guy will mind.
ALL MARRIAGE , YOU HAVE TO MAKE YOUR MARRIAGE WORK AND , MOST IMPORTANT , COMMUNICATE WITH YOUR SPOUSE.
Don't ask her friends, that's not very nice (what if she's not cheating on you?).
that's just a little advice to help ya.
because they are desperate and do have a fu*k!n life
if she loves you back and you both want to be married then maybe -
He doing it behind your back once . Why wouldn't he do it again
he is your friend , he will never turn get over it and be a friend
I think it is the other way around
and do it cuz you like the guy not b-cuz you know your ex will get mad.
all jokes aside, if you love him , tell him .. True love will find a way
how can you say you love a person you don't know.
compliment them on things besides their body.
they want to have fun and feel relaxed with that person.
KEEP A GOOD WATCH AND PAY ATTENTION TO HIS DEMEANOR.
I The same thing happened to me!
No way I once dated a guy that bought me face wash for Christmas.
should That is entirely up to you.
I think that is why some guys like me.
Talk to her... maybe she likes you too!
Don't think about her, it just makes things worse.
BUT SOUNDS LIKE YOU ARE NEW AT THIS, SO YOU PROBABLY DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU'RE DOING.
How I shake her off.
sex . I am a man and that is what I want
how I ask a guy if I am a little shy around guys.
I guess it's ok for the person that actually wants to date him for some reason.
It Sounds to me like tho you are trying to get back at the world!
..ur heart will itself tell you
My advice is to tell her your feelings for her!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
but maybe you should just explore.
My friend is a female, and I really don't have a problem with it.
People always want what they can't have.
he simply will not do it.
If I like his hair and eyes, I am sooo in over my head!
You should call the police and tell them that your boyfriend got stolen!!
Thats where we learn about sex.
I know where one great one is!
Well I look at him and decide if he is doable not.
Can he take an ED med like Viagra?
Tell him straight smack on his face!
or can I do this to you now.... I would love to try that!
I tell the guy to chill out a little and maybe you should do that too!
and find a new love or a hobbie . You must mingle
Looks like gimpy's got you beat ;-) It's tough dating women online and then having them be a no-show.
Yall may end up getting married some day...
jus take a deep breath and ask her out!!
For example, if he comes home late, don't say, You're so rude and inconsiderate!
the only way is to TALK
women who look like they don't wear makeup are much sexier.
you ca do that when you are far apart.
I once had a friend friend told her boss that her friend was dating her boss friend.
Your ex is just that...your ex.
It's just not worth the hassle.
let him ask you the right thing later.
you've lost a lover and a friend.
Don't worry about it at all.
depends... most of the city :: cars, cash, bling2x
Why IS THIS QUESTION ON SINGLES AND DATING ANYWAY??
who you want to be with.
I got jealous of the girl I introduced him to.
Like it is with us femals, some like skinny guys , some bigger ones... etc.
THEN go meet and find someone else you can trust and be happy with....
i repeat do not be annoying.
IF YOUR SO HOT . Why CANT YOU FIND WOMEN BY YOURSELF INSTEAD OF ADVERTISING ON THE INTERNET?
If people don't like that, it's their problem!
He is a good guy though!
you COULD MOVE ON WITH THE GROVE ON . Ok thank IT GIRL . Ps OUT Yall
But if he can't I suggest dumping him!
Nothing big, but it was a lie :( Anyway, I don't think she liked it.
you ca tell simply by looking at him....... that is all a bunch of crap!
If it keeps happening , ask him what the hell is so important that this girls name keeps coming up.
TALK TO HIM... Let him understand that what he did or said was wrong...
u gain more out of love than lust love rocks!!
if you are not exclusively dating someone, then have fun talking, flirting, Hey dating other people.
they say all is fair , love and war .
depends on the catch.... nobody gives you 14 million for nothing
you Is It 's not your business , Your daughter needs to be the one looking in to it!
And A lot of men are the same way.
What is she willing to do for you?
On your birthday or other people 's birthday!
be there when he needs you.
sometimes I feel like punchin her friends but I never have and probably wont...
But beware of what type of church you go to.
i had a friend swoop in on my ex the night we broke up.
But I don't have a clue of what to say or who to tell.
ITS TIME TO LET THAT FRIEND.
It might be behurt , but you need to do what is best for you.
because the rush of emotions come and go.
i would, even if I had to brutaly murder my family and them.
it really depends on how he is.
We just have to learn how to pick the ones that are keepers before we sleep with them!
just do it secretly, many do so , but in secret ways
Besides - watch the old movie Revenge of the Nerds . The main nerd scores with a super hot chick.
I am just a dog, you know.
And plus , the whole I love you thing wears out if said too much anyway.
However, if it is just chit chat and nothing sexual, I wouldn't worry any. more
that's what you should do , give her some space.
Not to be so direct but... tie your shoes a lot
it cheaper to run your own through paper work and the mail.
I once juggled 4 women for a few weeks ...... it just about killed me.
for sure and find a sweeet human being in me.
Pretty women are pretty.... hardly dependant on their hair color.
The only thing you can tell by looking at him is if he is hot and you want him!!!!
If a man hits you once , don't think of a chance that he could do it again.
It's called IS SHE REALLY GOING OUT WITH HIM.
i was born at night but, not last night!
just tell her that maybe someone is waiting for her or fit for her than this guy.
PS They are probably are NOT in love, you just think that.
Can you honestly be this naive??
Come give us a break . . . Were man
I know it sucks , but sometimes you just need to do this.
First get her permission, then use your LIPS!
But I can't even get a guy to watch Brokeback Mtn with me (and none are homophobic).
God yeah, do wanna make him think your frigid!
Ask him if he likes you , then go on from there.
If I was in her position I do know ..
yes , but that would be tough.
yEAH WHEN I am YOUNGER , BUT THE QUESTION IS HAVE YOU????????????????
No, you obviously don't know the difference between them and there, so definitely NOT.
hang in there, it'll be okay, it just takes time.
Your boyfriend loves you and you do love him, damn are you cold hearted....lol just messing with you!!!
beacause they can and there are plenty of willing women
I tried it and it worked so nicely.
He might not be the type that likes chocolates or teddy bears , so give him lots of sex.
rarely does it work the way it's supposed to .
The Oh The yeah, and some flowers.....the censored section says d i l d o
You're on thin ice here princess...you are, aren't you?
Gee, I'm glad I don't fit in that category!
sometimes it works but sooner or later they will start to mature...sooner or later.
doggie style or on your side.
move There is somebody out there 10 times better !
Or The two of you are too young.
My ex didn't, but I believe they can depends.
You won't know, unless they tell you!
i find that roofies work best for me .
godwilling he will be there for you :) If not , then you know better what to do.
Maybe be yes ,,, some money problem....
the Suspition is a problem.
Well He's pretty young to have one , but anyway I'll tell you
OMG NO, any guy who plays you is a lying cheating butt!
i don't think that 's cool because they are going to wonder why.
no it not correct . U ca trust anyone like this .
but so you know what some want.
i do see why he would break up with someone who he really likes.
Do you like working with little kids?
Just beat him at his own game *smile*
But once you do have sex, it's gonna hurt.
Does your friend have to be Muslim?
You just have to know what you have and what you want to keep and don't back down.
and In reality , his looks will grow on you .
It would not be good for you.
MAYBE WHEN God WAS PASSING OUT SAUSAGES , HE RAN OUT AND GAVE YOU A WEENIE.
Yup, when I was a baby.
The one with a good job.
Maybe you should talk to him and tell him how much you used to like it.
I do want to be a lone for the rest of my life . I need some good answers.
Try being single, do what you want and have some fun.
Don't feel bad If they don't say hi !!
WOW, I am glad you are not my friend.
What I mean by this is he falling for you . Then you falling for him!
do talk crap, cause it will turn around and bite cha in the butt.
My wife admits to humping a pillow when she was 6 .
just kidding, but seriously , how could anyone really describe what love is?
Its seems like your mister is popular now!
It may be a slow process cuz love doesnt just HAPPEN!!
So I found myself again, relearned all my mannerisms, and I tried to go out with other men.
well do run away and then live well with his beep
Any idea what this dream means?
pleasuring yourself by playing with your genitals until you get off
to not hurt there filling you should simply ask them
I think it said it was like $500, but it was pretty cool how accurate it was.
You don't need that, no one does.
you ca all hate them
yes, girl show him who he is in your life...
If he leaves , Wont you wonder what could have happened
Just don't forget one thing, that people DO CHANGE.
that's why I don't have a lover.
This works most of the time...
of course no one know.How about I give you an idea, just go ask her..........!!!
like, once the tax period is over.
could be ,u never know what could be going through our minds.
Complex question... go here to read why I say so.
When you always try to be close to someone.
u never had sex or...u r underage....
no you weren't wrong at all, If you don't want to then don't do it.
go somewhere where you can actually talk a lot and laugh . Try Starbucks
i at age 10 1/2
I know how tough it is!
and you can see if you can meet some of your father's friends sons or your mother friends ' sons
i AM VERY SAD.SHOULD I TELL MY FRIEND HOW I FEEL?
it's life, you have to take a chance.
No, but I love that song!!!!!
It's the first steps of love, you should enjoy it!!
Ouch, that is my biggest turn off.
have you walking up to strange women and kissing them?
Personally . I don't really care if they have a job, just as long as they get one soon.
Thats my problem with my jackass boyfriend
but 'm telling you both are going to end up being hell.
14 is too young.. You just know the consequences that might happen to you, save it..
I almost always (9 out 10) give money .
because the girls get more in love and in relationships
I really don't like this, Am I wrong for being extremely mad?
That tells me the girl isn't interested.
she will come sooner or later.
or find a girl that has done it once or twice.
Don't let your husband ruin your's and children 's lives
Unless, of course, you're old with money...lol.
no, 'm kind of curious though.
if you are 21 , you really do have to tell her.
he might get scared and it would be weird afterwards if he doesn't like you back.
i am right there in the confusion with you.
same thing , usually with girlfriends and boyfriends.
no cause you two are not going out anymore
she didnt mean to but it happens in life!
It Sounds like you should wait until you find someone you love.
same thing , usually with girlfriends and boyfriends.
no cause you two are not going out anymore
she didnt mean to but it happens in life!
Go somewhere fun Where You can laugh.
What are some ways I can make my boyfriend happy?
Go a noch out of your way so that he can see you about something.
I think its their way of saying they like you.
MOVE ON (and don't forget the punch him part.)
do try and look for an older guy.
Flirting is just fun and doesnt necessarily mean anything.
IF you have to ask where babies come from.
but do a cross of sounding smart but with acting stupid.
It is best to ask your mother that question!
has anyone done or witnessed this before?
Ever think of addoption..or get a pet!
hire a cute babysitter, then take the kids to a movie.
But I say it's mostly about nookie (come on!
uh no, I have nothing against them , but I wouldnt pick them over someone else .
Also, another thing is that I probably wouldn't have married him if I wasn't pregnant.
He used to cheat?.....as more than once?
And, no, I'm not trying to be sarcastic, I'm really curious...
Instead by flirting with them, acting cool, and interesting, they just act stupid!
She going on this I hate men website.
Don't mess with her and talk to your wife.
Next time you see him, ask him out!!
i will tell you after you do it with me 2 lol
you and your boyfriend aren't really fighting.
if you to accept it wasnt cheating.
Leave that man and new girl alone!!!
The types of hugging gentle or strong or strong with grabbing her butt.
The weather is so variable . I can't imagine why you would put your family and friends through this.
i am widowed and I am definitely not looking forward to valetines day :(
go and find a new and fresh boyfriend.
(if you have a good smile) lol women know when men are trying to get with us.
Suttle ways: massage her hair while rubn your hand along her leg.
they could break your heart without even trying too.
Girl- You know this one is bad news.
having a penus put into my p*ussy
it could go the other way though.
Well if he closed that fast like you said, he obviously had something to hide.
after being together for 3yrs, it is still great.
I hate the whole demanding diva routine!
Quit beating yourself up over this.
What about a man who has been separated from his wife for 6 yrs.
(was that short and to the point?)
bcuz it is sick looking and just gross
Yes, I love myself and I
it depends if he helps you and your children?
all you got to do is put this loser behind you .
If you go to the movies, you really can't do much but sit and watch. it
and you need to take a moment and look at your life and reclaim your identity.
When you feel like kissing someone.
thats the best thing you can do...
Just be honstely with her . tell her to hold on . You think she is nice and you want to ask her out.
how should I approach her next time I ask her?
if she says 'no-i have a bf' ask if she didn't have a bf-would she consider it.
you will just end up hurting a virgin and you wo even feel it with a pornstar.
unless you are into hurting people , then go with the virgin.
I had mine at 11 With Meredith my Baby who is happily married . Now I LOVE HER .
:0( DO THE BEST WITH WHAT YOU HAVE,THERE IS NOT MUCH YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT.
Gotta in the bathroom on an airplane.
if you find one, let me know and hopefully we can hook up and chat.
I know My wife reads all my obnoxious comments on this answers stuff... yea word
you know you do need details!
a kiss and a rose bud!
go after him, do lose him!
its not cheating if you were not together
buying him a new car if you can afford
Just don't get married right away.
be yourself do go out of your way to impress her .
you are too young to have a baby .
One of them probably likes you and if they don't they are just too much into your life.
ASK HER IF SHE'D LIKE TO GO OUT FOR A CUP OF COFFEE.
I would never even consider going gay, I don't think I'd watch Brokeback Mtn either...
Do you want a guy like that?
So...when THE BIG BIRTHDAY ARRIVES...what am I supposed to do?
hope you are lucky enough to experience it
Just be yourself and Sombody will love you just the way you are.
you never love the same way twice.
Must I BE ALONE FOREVER
Love is something which I lost 26 days ago
be careful with the women because sometimes they do not know what they wants.
with what youve said here . Why would you want to be with him after this ?
you should ask your friends to stop and tell them it isn't funny.
yes and no you can set them up in dates , but it is up to your best friend
give him those records..and dump him!
you never know until you try
If you honestly like him , then I say go for it.
But that may be just me.
Get yourself yourself busy, is the best way.
to worry or should I just give up and let him work things out on his own?
i broke up with him on Monday the 23rd.
For boys, I like etnies, or vans, and I am a girl.
then you put a happy up in it until you both have a happy ending.
i to give you a hug , but I do think it is humanly possible to do that through the internet.
I learned what and where I went wrong and now, We're back together!
It They It makes us get hard on
Join a club, take a class, etc...
Natalie just seems like the right one!
i'm sorry to say that you never won her love since you didn't even have it from the beginning
do the best for your child if nothing else .
you can go to chat-avenue .com . Its fun for all ages.
MEBE BUT IT COULD ALSO BE THAT SHE MISSES BEING AROUND YOU.
certainly ... this is the time when one should explore the new corners and fun of life.
Honestly I think most couples do register anymore because they really do just want cash .
No, wait while you can because when you get hooked you get hooked.
BUT IF THEY do COME , JUST KNOW THAT IT'S THEIR loss , NOT YOURS.
first stop flirting and then ask him what his intentions are.
but that's b/c they're still in school too.
i am sorry for both of you.
This begs bigger questions - like is your girlfriend truly untrustworthy or are you just a control freak?
i find it really childish , but the problem is I really really love him soo much.
no because you are not together anymore
funny, caring, and good looking, someone who says I'm pretty, not hot.
ohhhh yeah latins are hot and as a lover mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
You mean BOB - battery - operated boyfriend
evidently He falls really easily , but you have to be the judge of that one!
and I hate these kinds of questions.
Why NOT ? You WILL ENJOY IT JUST AS MUCH AS HIM, !
What happens when men go hunting?
trying something new, if you know what I mean.
Ask her Have you ever thought of how it feels to be like me.
Sit in front of him and give him a foot massage.
Man You really hit a low note with this question.If it in this section , I guess your a stalker,right?
you know what , if a woman emailed you , she'd be crazy because what kind of guy does that.
Like before we even went out.
And you had sex with another guy for 1 day.
you don't fall for it again!!!
but I'm a fat, mean lesbian.
Just not sure what you are looking for here.
do lie , tell him you are bored ..
Money and a nice care always works!
That's kinda gross actually, I think that it's not true love , because it is a fart lol
knowing that the guy wants to spend time with them and the way they look at their women
theres one around the corner for you.
No way you could really date some Wirdo murderer
I HATE olives, but some men love them!
That's kinda gross actually, I think that it's not true love , because it is a fart lol
theres one around the corner for you.
No way you could really date some Wirdo murderer
I HATE olives, but some men love them!
What if the guy you like gets mad and doesn't want anything to do with you anymore?
do lot of it....just do be a tease.
even in high school , they act stupid to impress girls.
You call him a BOY , so I'm guessing that you already know the answer
If you do want one, you do notice anyone else 's interest.
SO TELL YOUR FAMILY YOU LOVE THEM AND BE HAPPY.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
you doing it like they do on the discovery channel .
yes, without commitment , there would be no love?
baby girl ur looking in all the wrong places . I'm right here
i asked what present should I give a guy, two of the answers were head.
if she says 'no'-then walk away.
what I would'ent give to be her thong.
It NOthing It is worth taking your own life.
What the guy looks like would not be a big deal, but his personality would matter.
You chatting with him a lot.
it's not like you were still with him and you slept with this other guy.
ask is not the best place to be get this stuff.
Only long enough to wrap you back in!
so my final answer would be hell no
Some guys are just scared , others are taken.
Girl, I think you just need to cut it, but that's just me.
GO UP TO HIM AND ASK HIM ''DO YOU STILL LIKE ME OR WHAT?''
IF NOT , THEN SIT DOWN WITH HIM and TALK OUT YOUR FEELING.sssss
more than half of lovers find other ways to enjoy themselves!!
8 Secs is a good ride.
Also...you should really be asking your friends this!
i do think love has a time limit at all.
Next year , it's his turn to hire a sitter, then you take the kids to a movie .
SOME PEOPLE HAVE TO HELP their OWN themselves AND YOU CAN NOT HELP them
4eva is a long time, Could he be serious, Don't be blind of nice words
oysters, pumpkin seeds by hand
i agree with Sonflower, if you wanted him , you wouldn't have cheated.
do wait until after, it would be rude to do so!!
HIs or yours . I do know
a men 's words give out a lot of themselves
ooo that would be funny lol but the girl should be his fiance.
no, he only wants to fuck you
Yes I consider myself to be a good lover--I just know it--
But really sweetie.. If this guy can't see what a beautiful person you are , he isn't worthy of you.
Have by asking yourself , Do you really like this new guy or do you just wanna get revenge.
I think he really loves you now , so when you are alone , ask him or phone him.
I once took out an amazingly hot young woman.
you are your own woman, If he wants to think that is cheating, then that's his loss...
It kinda sounds like she wants you to make the choice!
i would probably say carnival cruise lines.
Some women (and men) just like to flirt.
I feel bad for you little guy
Don't worry about what's gay and what's straight, just like who you like and do what feels right.
At certain ages and imaturity, hard testicles are always a problem!
you a gay man , That's for sure .
I say that cheatin is wrong no matter what reason you have.
no dudes do dig that shit
Mines is big...okay no its not.But I have a guy.
But hey , I've dated a woman and they can be lunatics.
Get her really drunk and attempt to make out with her.
she'll notice it and tell her no matter what you'll be there for her.
And You're an amazing lover if you can simultaneously climax!
if he has been in love three times , did he lose his love to death or break up?
ask her and when you do, do it with compasion and look her in the eyes.
if that picture is giving you discomfort, why not tell him?
so my best wishes for you both !
he might not want her to be with you and that how?
if I date someone simply because of their looks, which I do , I probably dump them.
thats kinda sterotyipical do you think?
ANd then he thinks I am faking it.
But I'll say it, get rid of him!!!!
IF YOU TRY TO GET HIM SOMETIME AND HE ALREADY HAS one . He COULD ALWAYS HAVE TWO OF them
you have to think about what you like more or don't date either of them , pick someone else .
Get rid of your past demons (why do you not like women?)
So I'm guessing the sex won't either.
Have you ever even heard of that Sir-Mix-a-lot song?
I decided I wanted him back.
He sounds like my ass of a cheeting ex.
CHECK their UNDERWEAR, If YOU SEE BLOOD , THERE YOU GO.
Or, you could just ask him if he likes you like a real girlfriend.
like if it is to the point where you have to think about someone else during sex to get off....
any volunteer moms need a baby like me?
Just think of the type of reception you want.
they want what they ca have
JUST PUT YOUR BOOT IN HIS BUT AND SAY HOLLA
he love me , but I do not find him physical attractive.
All you other kids, grow up yourselves.
Hopefully You like the person a lot.
just be true to your heart!!!!!
i have been in a situation like that before, and yes , you need to worry.
nobody said love was easy, and it certainly is not!
i think she is stupid , but she acts like she is stupid .
If he played with you last year .. He will play with you this year.
well sum gurl do , but not all gurls
of course , it is the only way to go for me...
its nice to have a girl with a big butt, They are the easiest to get a piece of.
kind of like asking a doctor to be a good patient... right?
the real question is Can't you wait?!
but that doesn't mean that your boyfriend should/wants to know about it.
What SHOULD I DO/ HE'S ONE OF THE MOST POPULAR KIDS IN SCHOOL, What IF HE does LIKE ME?
Its seems like everything has to be some great contest....like love.
Sorry couldn't tell you the signs, cuz I missed them.
i would do the same thing.
Oh, don't do this; it's illegal.
weel ya if he had a good explanation.
girl I doubt hats are going to be a problem in the future.
i would definitely get checked out.
depends on how capable you are !!
do what you want and screw the other people.
its nothing you can do but deal with it or leave
ask him about it and if he becomes upset , then 9*10 he is doing it.
umm Yeah you might be playing here.
I say love, it is a flower, And you it's only seed.
Honey if you are asking this question then you already know the answer!
tell your friend that her boyfriend tried to make a move on you
Why you want to do that!
aks a guy out on that day and you will feel happy.
See, Guys are scared of sex by trait, women are not.
sure....keep in mind everything is a social construct...love whether you are ready for it teen or not.
Been there,done that and never again!!!
I want to date this girl.
YOU HAVE A CHOICE OF ME IF YOU LIKE
He just wanted it to be simple.
Looking to fool around a bit online
my picking me . 'm looking for an on - line friend too . I 'm female . n ma e mail address is bremkure@yahoo.com.
A b***h is a sl*t that f*cks every 1 but me.
I still fantasize about my wife when she was pregnant....she was sooo horney.
Why haven't you told them yet?
I happen to weigh less than 110 lbs, but that is so stupid!
If you even remotely question it...and especially have to ask..chances are ...you ARE.
i prefer an equal amount of both
discreet relationship but just on the net conaction98@yahoo.com
Say thanks for all the good times, but right now, you need time to think about things.
Like, your names or...'i love you' or a heart or a picture of you guys!
To make someone happy .
we not together and I was not in the mode.
and it doesn't matter that I am a very large woman.
(You never have enough time anyway) I am a 30 Y.O.
becuase he was getting IT when he said that
to think.. if you 're in your situation ..
Could it be you and not him????
if you feel its right , then get married, if not because divorce wastes a lot of money.
If you did not, then talk about it now.
YOU ARE GOING TO GO BLIND DUDE!
find a nice guy for yourself ^_^.
i say you invite who you want at the wedding and who you want at the reception.
do we like European girls? especially
LEARN HOW TO USE WHAT YOU HAVE WELL,AND BECOME A MASTER IN O*AL SEXX.
He need to knock that shit off and act like a man!
At least not for a while, anyway.
no you dumb *itch, haha I know her, tell her to *uck off
She do need friends like that...
because you can not do it as well as a BIG MOMMA.
you should only give him a kiss if he acts like he wants to kiss you.
If she looks sweet , does use her tongue and if she looks like a stripper she uses Tonque.
YOU NEED TO TAKE CARE OF YOU AND NOT HIM RIGHT NOW.
I don't have a problem with gay women...I know they like me.
Just kidding, no it's totally ok to be gay.
JUST ASK HER 4 HIS E-MAIL !
i hope so if nothing else , god loves .
wear your shirt lower than normal for more cleavage near him :)
It can only lead to bad vibes and bad office talk!!!
I squirt, and I'm not ashamed; of course, I'm a guy...
:) You'll know true love when you get there!
Scare the crap out of him!
im married, have been for a long time.
be super nice to her and do whatever she wants and never lie or do anything bad to her
It sounds strange, but most people don't want to sit through the wedding anyways!
Is he blowing me off nicely?
i can luv 'very 1 to the full of my capacity
How old is the guy and probably at least 18
I love it a lot . It can be down there for like 2 hours...
that I would miss them more than anything, afraid
LOve?...Love takes time to grow like a flower...You mean lust...for you..
I am REALLY sorry , but I have to say no .
I know it might be wrong , but I'm in love with Stacey's mom.
for other signs . I really do know , but that will be the best thing I know
Usually when I talk about someone a lot , it means that I'm thinking about that person a lot.
i do know if I 'm still trying to figure that out for myself .
The thing is, I never get to see any of it.
It's just that hotel rooms and girlfriends go absolutely PERFECT together...like peanut butter and jelly!!!
It was so funny , because they look EXACTLY alike.
it probably n't hurt to visit , but do move in.
Am I kidding myself about being gay?
NO, I have YET, BUT I WOULD IF MY PARTNER WANTED TO.
he always calls me his buddy but he kinda gets on my nerves.
An APPLE CAN LOOK GOOD ON THE OUTSIDE, BUT CAN BE COMPLETELY ROTTEN ON THE INSIDE.
do gives him the impression that, he wants to go sexually with him.
don't let other people who you should date or like.
let him to enjoy you in bed
do we really need another person who calls himself a pimp?
Well if some people like you , they really don`t care how you look.
be honest &tell your best friend then brake it off w/the guy.
It is the best online dating site there is... and it is free.
Like most of these people say,some guys do some things do
he left you because variety is interesting and something is missing.
U deserve anything you could ever wish for.
wait for sometime . If you are destined to fall into real-love, that 's what you call it , right?
jus letting him know he would tell you how he feels
Is it her or you that have no desire for the other one.
First off, If he's stupid enough to cheat, he is not good enough for you!
hi doing most of the activities as if they were near to her but do talk .
You fix it- what marriage is all about anymore- didn't you make a vow (jennifer Lopez)!!
well Pam has hep c Angelina is preggers , so guess Carmen but the whole Dennis Rodmen thing.
Is she playing with her hair and at times bashfully looking away?
some things you just have to realize for yourself.
Y does she purposly try to get me mad?
give me the links of tutoring in wat r the positions in sexing!!!!!!!
if they pull away then so what.
my my my my 19 Makin 20 in 10 days!
Did you ever think to just ask?
Good luck, and do give up- these things take time!
She see something she wanted and she went after it.
The It just about our favorite part of a girl 's body!
go to clubs and find friends
I like big butts, and I cannot lie!
heck no... you have to test the water to make sure you know what you 're getting in to lol....
but that doesn't make any since
if you want 2 blood for an hour . Sure go for it . Wat could hurt........UR A$$
First of all , Why would you want him back after he cheated on you?
'm not gay , but I'd go to Jessica alba anytime...lol
Are all 3 of you in love, or is it just sex.
If you want me, you have to ask me out in person.
i have so many girlfriends but I don't have any lover.sssss
Is it that hard to find a good friend there?
but it is also possible you might have something hanging out of your nose.
Just think about what she'd like best.
dating is just having a fun year
Why would you give your body to someone you love?
YES IT IS FUN BRINGING THEIR people OUT
None of that really matters , but its always a plus , but most girls go for the personality
Ok if you want , we can do it in style :drealsunny@yahoo.com
first you need the look, then the additude(not spelled right-right?)
havent done that , but I would if my partner really wanted it..
he loves me for me, for who I am as a person.
my girlfriend is the best..
all up you,but if you are in no hurry and she is making her file
If he does like you, then its possible that he has his own reasons.
a candle, something with a sesual scent, like mint.
YOU WILL KNOW WHEN IT HAPPENS TOO !
if he plays with your heart, he doesn't like you at all.
kiss her when you are in the nude
Don't bother with people who even know him.
Just think back to when you first started having sex.... how did you act?
Her sister really sux and so does her dad 's house
confidence is sexy, anything else is an accessory, but certainly nice touches.
i dnt kno I do those things all the time do mean nuhin 2 me.
A lady never tells her age!
Did you hear she is considering a boob job?
he getting bored with her , but he still likes her.
Your wife will be the one you spend the rest of your life with, not your mommy or daddy.
my my my my my I my will be your net friend if you be mine yes or no: Jaleshia101@yahoo Holla at my baby boy
$100 says that you are a chick and the 55 year old is a guy.
nothing,never mind that kind friend,lots of people here want to have more friends and I am one of those...
umm no.. stop asking dumb questions!
if you do not love , why would you cheat?
remember.. no man is an island..(--,)
and I'm still with him :-)
What sucks is when you see her with another guy and you like... mmmm must do something.. NOW!
the gambling part is : maybe he does love you too, just like you still love him
That or maybe try using a big club!
hey listen... go n talk to ur man!!
and feel wanted and turned on.
If you are over 10 , go for it!!!!
Yes I have a crush on him!
something you will never be able to describe it until you try it .
jennifer Lopez seems to be doing well.
I I I am going to say proably not.
it probably wo be a problem if you really like the guy
a new one helps a lot
good luck . I have 3 exes
no you should because she will be sick and you don't want to get sick.
He didn't and is DIRT for doing something like that to you!!
without any hassels of dating sites.
It It's like gambling for a husband.
so I guess actually none of them
Plus, you Wanna have lunch?
(And prayer is a great way to start - I'll certainly be praying for you!)
Letters are a winner - everyone loves to get 'snail mail'
do love him,he will fall 100%
No He's not cute , he's absolutely sexy.
Which ideas that both of you guys are comfortable doing
i would be with my best friends .
Cheating only applies to married people, but with boys and girlfriends, it doesn't matter.....but of course it is painful .
her eyes, then hands, then hair, then the shape of her body,
But just know what to do?
i like the butt . I think it is the first thing I look at first .
What you mean by additude
its a way of flirting ,thats for sure
i look just like my avatar and I have a 6 pack.
there are black women that prefer white men.
Hope This helps a little ..
DO GIRLS REALLY THINK LIKE THAT OR IT 's JUST ME.
every time I buy him something , I always have to take it back b/c he already has one!!
start dating , you can ask them if you know
I love those English guys 2.
we also save them to read months & years later!
Its only your hormones going all wacko
if she is really a good friend , then she'll listen to you.
get in the kitchen and fix me a sandwich, that 's how I usually say it.........LOL
It depends on how you look like blonde hair ect.
He might not buy it even then, but that's the only thing I can think of.
Because such women themselves are losers!
This LOOKS LIKE A GUY CHOICE TO MAKE!!
but try and put a spin on it.
Ull know Ull know do worry and have fun
Show her all there is to see.
they just want us to get confused!
if she says 'yes'-that kinda sucks.
This isn't always going to be true though.
A lot of girls like fat guys ;)
to me dirty feet from a woman is because men don't like to suck stinky toes
My friend just had to remove the sleves and the bow and make it shorter 'cause 'm short .
yes , of course , think you think you are any more .
if they do like it , then you know where they stand in your life.
I didn't think it was particularly romantic if thats what you are asking...
we married at 2 months.
you have to tell him that he confuses you a lot.
I would pick a guy with a great personality, I mena looks and moneya is just a bonus.
if you need to ask,you probably aren't old enough.
Its what you feel about that special person.
4.drooling,i hate guys that let their mouths hang open 5.shrieking like a girl.
it will carry over into the rest of the year and you will see!
i mean it can hurt , but we have to be willing to forgive.
find her a daddy that is worthy of this title .
You know Zeke and others j/k(u no who)
If she's your best friend , then you should just go ahead and tell her, she won't mind!
Hope you find your answer very soon then :)
Don't die early because you do know how to protect your life Your momma gave you:)
He start to say ohh did a guy send you a message and bla blah.
If anybody knows anyone out there who was gay and is straight now, please, get them to help me!!!!
or Would you rather just have mad passionate sex???
Hell Ya- I hate it when people think just because the woman is making more they have to split.
Well I think that it would be harder because you don't really know who this guy or girl is.
I can learn to love you ;)
your mind can play games with you . .
?please help me,iv had enough mutts to last a life time....and I do have any beer goggles
That person must've meant a lot to you!
Renee' I was going to type the same thing, but I saw you had done it...LOL
Both, the inside I like most , though you know.
its what you want to do.
yes , but not if you jiggely
But why would you just want to wait?
It sounds like you care about the kind of work you do too.
hide from him for a while.
I have a boyfriend kind of like that too.
WELL SHE WOULD HAVE THOSE THINGS , whether YOU CAN TELL IF she is pregnant OR NOT
It Might n't hurt if he was there too
Drop that loser, and get with a real man!!!
i do think you want to be friends with him.
only do it if he wants to kiss you, too.
sure, I have and we have been together for almost 2 years .
you staring at each other all day long but never talk to each other
YOU NEED TO GET TOTALLY AWAY.
if there isn't we should start one .
My boyfriend has pictures of his ex-girlfriends and girls he has messed around with.
not at all safe no matter how much you think you know someone on here
you know like a pervert... though I think I have seen A FEW well - mannerd boys... I think
like working out and holding your books.
Look up EroticBakery & look at the Bachelor Party trays!
he must like you . I mean think about, What other reason is there ?
If you do, what male shoe style do you like???
How do you get out of it??
Most guys think about sex every 3 seconds.
whatever you do . Don't go to the movies.
if he dumps you over that the loose him cause he's not good enough.
And the same old tired answer .... TIME!
But do you really want to be with someone that cheats?
If you do know how to flirt , maybe they are too young?
Don't give up on him just yet!
so be careful on who you trust.
You Are a Responsible kind Man Else.. Get MARRIED...
you must go because it is old and I will move oN because you don't turn me on!
Unless I can trust a person with my life , then I would not call him FRIEND...
is that person a good friend of
such as bowling, tennis, rock climbing.. chatting over some drinks or food?
lolz licking , touching , kissing , rubbing and smelling and feeling mmm
So swim back to the sea, orcas.
is it me or is it everyone else?
Go for another love.... he's not so real...
A song by Haddaway from the 80's:)
I mean, what if you would send for one and he would turn out to be a real jerk?
If he does not want you , then send him to hell and get on with yourself girl.
If I only had the answer to this question...I would be rich...lol!
if so talk to her on her level even though it is not your style.
There are 2 kinds of women, b***hes and sl*ts.
Dancing, horseback riding, sitting on the beack, reading, whatever.
Unless , of course , if you are just searching for mother-material only, you can just try nanny services.
when you want your senses to be heightened.
a Lil After that he was trying to get on and I told him no.
You don't deserve the wife you have now buddy!
BUT remember THAT YOUR ALWAYS BEAUTIFUL NO MATTER WHAT!
who cares let her learn on her own or are you the sister keeper huh?
you and we used to be We are not one , so I have to run!
No matter what he looks like?
as long as it takes to keep this house for your kids
do ya think its true that men twice by 3 and women divided by 3 admitting sex partners..
At the movies , you can't talk.
That depends on a lot of thing!sssss
make her think ,maybe she'll come around.
Goggle Light Her Fire It works.
because they think with their little head instead of their big head!
I don't know if I have never had sex.
But do it in a caring way.
cuz if she is a tomboy type...den prob not lol but if she is a mushy type , YES she will.
having a finger in my a** while having s*x d*ggy style
The Most of them I see are usually mean and horrible.
Because they are trying to hook up with a girl....and they want to show off their abs(if they have any)lol
Love is better of heart.it can be in just in a wink of eyes .
First of all , there is no easy way to dump someone . Its going to hurt no matter what.
Even when I was pregnant with our baby!
I guess I should express that sort of thing more often...
but do let him find out for a long while...
um.... let's see about this . Can you find me?
When you are not married, it is the wrong way.
i have always loved my girlfriend to the depth of my heart.
answer me , then I can answer you
watch hitches and then understand
Why would you want to defeat it?
there are no limits to your style, so have fun!
(i'm always sure to return the favor)
get in his head 1st !!!!!!
Then ask her when that bug up her ass is going to die.
he is going to complain .
If you did that , then you really don't like him!
It depends on how old you are!!
it depends on the age . I guess...what are the ages?
(hopefully his name is not John - or it could be the same man).
by talking to one weirdo
Chances are he just wants to mess with you again.
Well...it seems pretty sad if you have sex with someone you don't feel anything...(like one night stand).
hide in the closet , Spy on em
then there is my bf, who buys me whatever I want.
You sound like you are sort of on the side.
i want to be a young parent for my kids.
All I can say is go for it if you really like her .
Finally You can choose how this will go.
My boyfriend is the HARDEST guy to shop for!
who in the right mind wants to fight every
Hey Everybody agrees and the answer is NO.
if she says 'yes I want to go out with you'-then she's a cheater.
First Why did you cheat on him in the first place?
Or do I just find a friend?
Thanx by ASKING HOW a SEXY LIFE? is is
have treats and gifts laid out.
invite him to hang out with you and go get coffee or something, It a start.
and is the best thing I could have done for myself .
Many guys talk that way (like I miss you and so) when they don't mean it.
Take the kids and leave, man.
That girl has got it all!!
I enjoy laying my face on my guys chest and with hair there I wouldn't enjoy it at all.
and next thing I know we're dating.
and That is very important to me.
PLEASE Let ME GET a CHAT ROOM EN Espanol
well, proper hygiene is still important!
mom of 3 (11,7, and 3) and a single parent at that.
You wo be sorry if you try it out, I promise.
No, but a lot of my best friends are going to hell.
maybe she doesnt mean to , but if she does this is not good news at all.
u should tell them now that you are moving!
Look Homie, you shouldn't try to change any girl!
god make them hot for a reason . o_O
Rent a porn movie that has some scenes/positions that you like.
Most of the time , it is someone that has been hurt badly in the past.
so He got mad left.
don't want to pay for a sit down , mean for all the guests, have a buffet!
Ive never cheated and neither has she.
Maybe stay home, maybe go out to eat, etc.
give up on trying to understand em and just do your best to love the one you got
the worst thing that can happen is when he says he doesnt like you...
I have been thrown so much of my own its UN REAL!
Learn a martial art like karate
What you need to do is stop searching so desperetly.
But don't ever get in the middle of it, with him there.
Hey girls , I think Shas211 is asking guys.
because I feel that is a sign of disrespect and ignorance.
i had the same problem bye!
i doubt that's your cup of tea, darling.
Good luck, but also keep your eyes peeled for other girls around you too!
say I love you & kiss her
take a pill , put some water on it and watch it grow
no not unless ur a neat freak
Don't believe a word he says
My advice is to stay that way in life.
If it was a person I already knew and trusted, it would be great!
he also said marriage is not for him even though I would make a great wife.
But it sounds like you don't have enough courage to just GET OUT!
Does he seem to want to come back?
I saw some have said disgusting Bull, I would not feed my baby anything disgusting, it is lovely, natural milk.
i think very very farther than you think
no I like my girl the way she is smart and funny ...
Would you like to go out with a guy that you don't like?
i couldn't choose one - my guy has to have at least something in each category.
Then get a girl to come in acting like a stripper...teasing him with a feather.
do get mad until you are married and he still has them.
the hard answer (no pun intended): take up some advanced meditation.
but every time I try to hang out with her , she never answers me.
wait......let I think, oh.. about you guys Nope I have no idea what you are talking about.
I Just thought I'd bring up the other side, stir things up a bit!
do you hear women asking about the virginity of a guy?
If not, then don't be with him.
And what people can do to other people is straight BS.
Quit planning every minute of your life.
i giving this question about 24 hours before they delete it but any way here goes.
Yes , if you have a marriage certificate or any valid proof of wedding , then it is valid in any country.
If not, that's OK, but I want to be clear.
Quit planning every minute of your life.
The The best way is to get a prostitute.
but usually to see them in the shower at school.
How do I make it stonger??
I may be wrong, I do know.
Sit her down and tell her.
seems you already have one important thing in common.
You are better off happy without an Idiot guy than miserable with one!
you do have to do anything that you arent ready to do.
i guess so, but avatars make anyone look awsome.
If it doesn't bother him..then yes , he wants to be JUST FRIENDS..
if your kind, funny, and everything listed above , then to me that is without a doubt the best kind.
Long ones, short ones, mushy ones, just to say I Love You, just because it's Wednesday, etc.
I know this might be sad news for you, but somebody's gotta say it.
It may be a life where you date somebody and do know him /her
Be happy that you have a great guy, don't b shallow.
I which I could still produce , so I could use some during intercourse....... LOL !!!
or does he collect from BIG MOMMA?
buy him a blow - up doll to play with until you're ready.
(LOL unless we cheated, lied, or etc.)
But since you are unable to change anything that has already happened...why not forgive & forget...
is a good friendship always lasts long to a friend by Vedakumar
Yeah you can love somebody within like a week , depending on how old . I guess
Can't live in the home they use to and etc...
To ur second, I must say no, do trust him!
its a vicious cycle.. I feel dejected...sometimes I think I 'm crazy..i just want to be normal..
Everyone pretty much summed it up.
i would choose Angelina Jolie because she looks very mysterious.
lie to him and tell him you cheated see what he says .
so that is the true love that I believe in!
when you go to college , you jump a level.
I am not a confidant but I want a girlfriend . How I go about it!
tell him you like him and see what happens.
it'll be okay . Just wait it out.
Tell her how much your friendship means to you.
Try giving us some info here!
if love is end your life, end love.
you know when you love someone or are in love with them.
it means that she is still very involved and will try to ruin everything!
some webcams {like mine } have a timer ..to take pictures.
hes always staring at you right.
Any wonder why so many people divorce or never marry?
Take your kids & run away
and it also depends on what sort of person you are looking for!
Don't be afraid to get dressed up, paint your barn(meaning put on makeup) look nice.
yet life could be long if you F'ed it up!
should be happy for her if she is with another man and 'm miserable without her.
This best friend of yours should not be my gf!
'm not allowed to go out until next year , so there you go.
if she says 'no'-then walk away.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
but I wasnt in a relationship with them .
sure I'll give you a hug!
different strokes for different folks,there are all kinds of guys out there . butt guys,bobs guys,lips guy,toes...ect.
You just have to email me with the basics... name, age, all that stuff
But if it's big and flabby, then no.
My babyfather came over and I A while later . He asked me if I missed him.
IT MEANS THAT YOU HAVE NOT MEET ME YET.
its upsetting and overwhelming and hard.
Or if you dumped him, what has changed?
when you find the right girl , everything will come more naturally... well , not everything but most things.
Give him a chance, but don't let him fuck you over.
The reason why women do want sex toys is b-cuz they like the real thing
The depends r you treated with repect and r you loved
Not if you lube up her poophole first, haha.
if you arent a trusting person, do date sneaky guys.
I am very happy And I do like the same sex.
No, but I'm pretty sure it might be nasty.
A guy with a great personality.
Both.There should be a balance between the two...... and then u r (ALso) a perfect guy.
Go with the one you care about most.
coz they want their son to be white...juz kidding
if you like him and he likes you , then go for it!
it is not worth giving up a friendship for a girl ...
Start out slow...don't go from strictly missionary to some crazy S & M stuff.
tell him U do deserve that and until I get some child support it aint gonna happen.
yes , that means you have a special bond with that person .
Don't try to impress her with money, it back fires every time, trust me.
be nice and she will come around.
give her a 1000 bucks and be safe
possibly only even your wifes friends to get close to you.
I prefer honesty even if it hurts!
Where do you see this going?
so Did you kiss him 2 months ago?
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
If it's pot, he just needs a kick in the ass.
how to end up with the babes?
What kind of question is that not know where they came from when they first grew up!
hey....my parents said the same thing terminalseed......
I do KNOW IF BOWLING WOULD BE A GOOD PLACE FOR A FIRST KISS.
It It It It It It Get rid of him....he is horrible!
but if it does, then it was all worth it.
expensive dinner and then get on your knees and then ask her if she will marry me.
Then , one day, he just quit calling.
pushing her in the water accidently.
DIP IT IN WATER and THEN BRUSH IT USING a ROUGH WIRE BRUSH and OBSERVE THE CHANGE
Run as fast as you can!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I Hey I like some of that
I need to talk to my wife about this...
Stacey can't you see, you're just not the girl for me.
if you want to, then sure, but I'm not going to.
Why the hell are you reading this?!
sending me a picture and 'll answer your question .
er....I guess this is one way..lol
if you are in love , then you are at a risky point.
just don't take him for granted.
Dunno bro, I wonder why mine is so big.
i do think you should tell him, but if you feel that you have to then just tell him!
i think that he likes you.
If they are bad . It's because you are bad too.
the hell with him . Moving on one day soon the homewrecker will be crying over him too !
(You don't want to look like a girl that's trying too hard, right?)
doing something but accidently fell down.
Now, I ask you, fellow Yahoo!
One shouldn't have regrets in life.
according to his moves & eyes
Why do people think gays are a disease????
only kissing when it's someone you love.
but I do know if he did or not cuz right now he's jobless!
i prefer when a guy does, myself.
No offense, but get your head out of your *ss!!
There is nothing wrong with it .
and if he disagress his friend!
with a girl like that, probably other guys will like her too.
Why does there have to be a racial issue with love?
You don't won't him to hate you.
if you are thinking of names for a kid or something ...please, do go there.
so yea find out what type of things dat fit their personality or likes!
If he does claim her behind your back them report him to the IRS!!
Uuummm, no... not after I was an infant anyway.
if you are a virgin , you might want to want other wise go for it .
but do let it be money .
so just go ahead and ask him out :)
no one deserves to be treated like that.
It sucked and all I wanted was to be intimate with my wife.
dropping that loser like the trash he is.
I n't normally answer these kinds of things but urs caught my eye.
Should I wait to tell anyone???
Would you get to Stacey anyways by just asking her on the net on Answer Beta or what!
so unless you are sure that she is 100% not infected , then I say be my guest.
How about you give him 365 days of SEX!
Buy him some gifts and he will be there 4 u.
do a pregnancy check Can you say new mom
i want the family thing but I 'm very leery.
forgive yourself , then move on with your life.
when you have eyes only for that person.
u must have something in you that girls might see.
nO ONE LIKES ME AS A GIRLFRIEND AT MY SCHOOL!
about my friends.they are about to come.
i've been married twice, both failed miserably.
The Internet has some insane people . =P
but if you look like (at least) you know where you are going , then you'll make it.
I am a guy and I don't give mixed signals.
wait until he calls Monday, If he doesnt call then, you call him.
If he does understand , then tell him to hit the road.
wear a kinky bunny suit . Guys love it . Tell me what happened . vol_fan_raybaby@yahoo.com
But A lot of People do not care about Children, or babies.
Im sure he is a cutie pie though.
Then go to the video store and rent 5 sappy girl movies.
NO You 'm NOT GAY.
saying I want you and you look hot .
I am moveing and I am moving and I told them by E-mailed them
Is he working late a lot?
i let my husband go and he came back and we have been together for 9 years then.
i think most men like girls . that makes them feel special .
If women turn you on too, then you're bi.
you will find something you jus ca rush things
yes if you are receptive and kind.
Those that do, do so in different ways.
And If you are a virgin , you should give it to someone special.
HEY ITS BETTER THAN GETTING AIDS HIV FROM SOMEONE
depends how you talk about them.
who makes the first move, the guy or the woman?
you'll want to kick him in the @#$%^&&*.
you are not supposed to be looking for the right guy.
I trust my whole life in their hands...
If that happens, she probably loves you.
you want to be alone for the rest of your life, unless you are like a recluse or something.
What was that, is that singing I hear in the back ground...........good there's flowers close by......lol, aaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
I just don't see much point in dating yet.
run away fast . He does not care about you
i have a crush on him and someday I want him to be my bf .
b-cuz they are either afraid or shy about what they have to say.
14 INCHES LONG AND 6 INCHES THICK.ANYTHING BELOW THIS IS A GIRLY MAN.
sometimes make sure that the person is safe and meet the person somewhere with your friend or something
accidently spilling something on her or urself.
you need to play his game girl!
ask her whether you like me or not?simple
time and something to take your mind of it during that time
Come on, vote on the question already!
do WORRY THEY'LL LET YOU KNOW, JUST PAY CLOSE ATTENTION.
Once you get past that it will go to personality.
and you need to be mature to love somebody for more than just their butt.
WHENEVER you FEEL THAT THE TIME IS RIGHT , DON,T TAKE IT ANY further THOUGH.
The only thing I would like to say is DIFFENTIATE BETWEEN DATING AND LOVE!
I to go for the guy
because boys are lookers and women are emotional .
Us, Girls do deserve that kinda sh*t!
A evil stepmother (or one to be) I hate them .
The theory that black guys have bigger, you know what, is just a myth!!!!!!
Rubing on him and all that good stuff.
Over dinner I asked about her father.
it can't be fix, If you do want to be with a man , then just be alone for ever
another idea is mix-n-matching your colors (ex.
if the answer from your heart is YES , then go for it !
and like, he used to be one of my best guy friends EVER.
What do you call small ??
If package refers to the heart, then NO WAY small packages work with me!
Run, don't walk and find a new guy.
Most lesbians would rather stay at home and watch a movie...
take a chance . You only live once!
Believe it or not, they aren't.
I like a woman who has some meat but not fat.
my eyes do do that :)
Yo dog, if you're worried about that...
As with feelings;.......you will lose all feeling in your nose if you say nothing....................!
If it doesn't work, then he'll be gone and you won't have to worry about it.
not that my dad would let me!
It sounds like you already thought about leaving.
It 'm hot . I still have no love
She is straight and I am not.
in any event-give it a shot.
He knows I do not play!!!
will both must like each other.
you really didn't give enough information to get a good answer
I've got two kids, so I say two.
Lots of great chat rooms with tons of people actually on cams.
sometimes People get love comfused with sex
she looks boring,way too naif and silly
As long as you love him, then ok.
I dating hot and not so hot and I still didnt find the right guy.
Have even thinking about just staying single????
get a time machcine an warp backwards 1 year
Maybe there is another guy out there who isn't too blind to realize what a great girl you are.
You can have sex , but should you?????
But somehow I get the idea that someone sick is going to tell you.
I fell in love with a hot gurl, but I see her holding hands w/ him.
c'mon, sooner or later you'll have to ask him about his status !
One thing like that would be yahoo answers.
IM CONFUSED AND HURT, HE STILL WANTS TO BE BEST FRIENDS,
If she is just an a$$, then there you go.
I I I have done it already , but I 'm going to.
there's more to life then we will both discover.
you will know when you are being presented with something
no you guys were already broken up were you?
what was the craziest song you ever had sex
no if you feel it right
(being cute is not very important but if they are... all the better) just hope this helps ya!
Hope I gave you some other ideas :)
Joe didn't and that is why he is gone.
Don't you want to grow up
once or twice a week..sometimes more, sometimes less...depends on the couple.
Get out now while your young and have a chance to start over wiser...
Hey with my question...any clue where the guys in your hood get their flares?
It It It was really not a big deal, never was.
He wouldn't even give me a chance to miss him.
its a challenge for them , so that is why they like you when you are taken already.
Its hard to believe me . I know
Well they don't and whoever thinks that is just a sexist pig!!
you kno cuz they do think that they're the s**t or anything.
tell her that In your opinion, her boyfriend is trying to control her and you can see that.
think deeply about what the day really means.
U have to be honest , that's better , just say xxx u r bad...
I looking for that real love, like in The movie The Note Book.
you can try cosmopolitian (the magazine)
And watch your back while you are leavin'.
i mean, did he give this to you (a girl, I assume) after breaking up, or what?
If she doesn't like it, F her.
A GUY THAT CAN BE SWEET , SO I GUESS THE SECOND 1.
i'm not sure it 's been 2 years and he is still trying to weazle his way back into my life
Tooo late.............maybe you just learned something
so if you find out first , it will be better, especially if she does!
Tell him, If not , you will live the rest of your life wondering What if... Good Luck!
If he cannot see what an amazing , incredibly smart gal you are DUMP HIM!!
When you don't have to ask.. you just kinda know..
if I really love her . I wouldnt mind even if she has 15 kids .
we don't want to pay for your dumb a** because you got yourself buntis.
take her out, make her laugh, and have a good time.
PLEASE DON`T ,DO US ALL THAT FAVOR
Probably cruel , but hey it works.
he have to do that self.
Did he really do those things... Do you really want him back..?
its not the best thing to do.
I have no idea what to do?
Cut him off and don't give him anything.
Now I get laid a lot more and do what I want when I want to!
then the money, the ride and then the H-O-3s lol
save the pic as a .jpg.
trying to keep her occupied with other things - help keep her mind off of it..
Second rule: don't do it like in the movie The Bachelor.
because they have nothing better to do than make girls confused!
hips and even a tummy roll are OK.
when the right girl comes around, you know.
Didn't you just ask this question?
If you have to ask .
that would depend on what you are talking about
Never buy a chick you just met at a bar a drink.
hell yea man, take that ball and run with it.
girls who wear no bra or panties and jiggle all over the place.
a nice hand - made card that says all the good things about him
hey a friend and one who shares the joys and sorrows.
Is it so bad to be gay?
i just hope there is not any expensive furniture around.
it means that you have never done dirty things and sex 2
...It's more important - what do you think?
no, but thanks for the offer.
You're a whiner... she'll never want you b/c women hate whiners.
I don't want to just give him gift cards b/c that's so impersonal , I think.
We're people too, and they don't always exactly get that.
Flirt and see if he's beginning it .
A Sl*t is any chick that I have sex with.
so to save themselves some mistakes . I wouldnt go , but its all up to you.
And The kid probably wants to be with his mother too.
cuz ur id is something like seweed69...
Yes , it is possible to be in love with more than one person at a time.
just look like you know where you are going.
How much money does it have to be?
the way I get guys is being confident and acting sexy!
... baby dont hurt me... baby dont hurt me... no more....
What if the guy that you don't like starts acting CRAZY?
You either love him or you don't.
I hope I'm using it the proper way!!!!
maybe He's not interested and does want to hurt your feelings .
Grow a spine, and quit whining.
move on and you will be much happier
this is why we spank it so much .
it really is closer than you think ;)
i don't know how long you've been going out with him and I don't know how angry he gets.
Darcy: I see, and so he came here.
She will never know how much you love her!
keep in mind where you're going and what the weather is like.
and personality - what does that mean?
He is your father even if he did something dumb.
Is that a joke or really a thing??
I 'm great . I focus on passion . If theres no passion , Theres nothing , you might as well play chess.
yes, but not a gurlfriend boyfriend , just a friend .
But if he says Who's Joe?
If you constantly ask a question like that , then no is there someone else you want to be w/...
For some reason, people always want what they think they cannot have.
Ok so... Mostly, girls do really know what they want.
If you find this snooping, then you are a very insecure person and not an honest one either.
UM............ he's a little kid . You can't do anything . 2 Help he can't even get a boner yet
Just didn't do anything for me.
I know you think you are going insane without her.
the way he acts and treats you
This guy in my school is so mean to me for no reason.
Why Not if love is still present , then every thing can be solved .
One year , my wife surprised me with a getaway to the Poconos -- it was awesome.
i couldnt see myself with someone I do know
Forget about her and start living life man!!
U do so don't try . Love is a wonderful great thing . Try embracing it , not defeating it.
try balloons, with I love you on it or something to that affect, and a personal card
try flirting with them, and if they want you , then they might just ask you out.
well What do you think you should do.
You're all wrong except Pete (gr8 name pete!)
you'll never know until you do!
My OPINION IS THAT YOU SHOULD TELL US WHAT IT IS THAT YOU WANT OUR OPINION ON ;)
If he wants to answer your question, he's not worth it.
tell them It is only one town over . That is good news .
well , there really is a detailed answer for true love , ya know?
after a week or however long it takes for you to get comfortable, you can meet.
do you even know what you 're thinking about?
11 years ago and still going strong
-Love is to tell her how much I like her, how much I love her.
Pretty arrogant, considering they've got the highest divorce rate in the world!
see how hard he looks for you.
im unable to talk to my friends about this.
He is going to want you to do all the things BIG MOMMA does .
you never really know a guy until you've spent time with them.
i would say when you hit the age of 45+
Why don't you just try new things.
everyone deserves a second chance , but this time around , be the boss
biting the bullet and just do it
I can say that I don't believe in their lifestyle!
24/7 to cart his kid around.
Just have fun figuring out what works best for both of you.
sitting her down and tell her that she is oLd !!
you should walk right up to them and ask them.
telling a joke that wasn't funny and you laughed at it.
There there There is no way to know.
I mean , look at how you phrased it your ex or a boy you like.
TELL HIM You THINK ABOUT HIM a lot AND JUST WANTED TO CALL TO SEE IF HE was interested
he doesn't want you to bother him
One is doing all the giving and one is doing all the taking...guess which is which?
yes my daughter is a few years older and it is great .
Should I be mad or it's really nothing to worry about????
ways to relax and enjoy minutes of the day and you?
I dunno....will you ever ask her to be?
only then you realize what love is...
Don't want him to think you easily
to make girls fall in love at first sight
it's releving your self sexual tection.
Thinking with the wrong head lol gets them in trouble all every
kissing her like you mean it and holding her tight
is he always in your space or seems to be just as happy walking next to you?
and it turned out to be greater than I thought.
it okay if I must, but like to check on developments on this subject .
U deserve to be loved... and loved the right way!
No I have not... Have you?
I've liked guys before and wondered if they really do like girls who are hard to get.
The People I see every day are not my friends . They are just other people...
It's gross and makes you seem like an animal, but not in a good way.
sure soudns liek it to me
me and these guys are like really good friends.
get over her or wait till she availablr
Guys might not think of it as flirting.
try new stuff, lean her way every now and then if you catch my drift.
i really think it depends on contact with the person.
IMADETELLY SEX WITH WOMEN.IT WILL BE OK.
Like I said, just think about and do other things that you like/love to do.
straight up to be like hey I really like you...your sweet funny.... thatz the best way in my opinion .
go for it...live life on the edge . hehehe
If God didn't want you to be gay, he wouldn't have made you that way.
I thought it was bad enough that people were going door to door to push religion on others.
You have got to be kidding?
What is best for me and mine may not be best for you and yours.
Maybe the lovers love the moon!
might be you are not pretty at all 'cuz a true crush , no lies :D
getting off the computer and find yourself a real (willing) human being to do that stuff with.
No, not for him--for the kids and then treat him special like you haven't in years.
sorry, but I 'm a boy ^_^
let me break this down for you.
It I n't do it.sounds like to me he just wants the money.
If I am with a girl, I am only with her and nobody else.
It It is much easier to find a girl if you are not looking.
from the sounds of it, no......y dont you wait and see whar it goes.
Oh, it good never tried... but any lady want to offer me I will definitely do...
Mostly at home with my girlfriend.
tell mum to choose for .
if he turns away from you and blushes.
i don't think marriage is for most people.
yes if you want to,but is it right?
sometimes they are totally wrong about their feelings and take wrong decision.sssss
picking the best one out of the fight .
at the bootie clubs....you be the judge!
Others have said just go ahead & do it , but there are some things that that won't work for.
nobody is perfect...... get used to it.....
Than you probably already know the answer...
if he did not walk away and avoyed him.
Don't worry, his heart will only be broken for around 5 minutes before he finds someone else!
so he kept on asking and I kept saying no.
Are you with this guy or not?
The bags can only hold so much!
Breakfast in bed, lunch in bed, dinner in bed.....or tickets to the Super Bowl!!!
and notice what is on the inside and how big a girls boobs are . It doesnt matter if you are in love.
sometimes praise him and be sure to spend as much time as you can with him.
Depends...some how you should have sex...at least in your mind!!!!
but why go digging in other people 's trash?
Buy her some candy or ice cream.
she makes me feel great about myself and she likes me too!
:))) So, just be straight and tell him.
My 6 year old granddaughter has chatted with me ever since she could chat.
try to keep it simple and don't go overboard with skin(you'll want him to respect you).
is like you are attacking everyone!!!!
Don't ever believe you've done something too bad to be forgiven, regardless of what happens.
Think of the movie or novel The Notebook (if you see it!)
Most of the time , the guys that are just messing around are only in it for the ass .
if he loves you , then he will understand.
oh my goodness, I have this problem as well.
they like to make girls like them
but you still got nothing do you
After you tell her , you can tell if she feels the same way.
SOMETHING HAD TO BE MISSING FROM YOUR RELATIONSHIP FOR YOU TO SLIP.
when you ca stop thinking about the guy.
if you find me , then you can have a hug.
Honestly...he probably just wants to be friends.
tell him that you might aid and it would be his fault.
it means 3 some.. go for it . ahha
i mean you can meet plenty of serial killers at work or at a club.
Incredible simply - BY TELLING HIM!
At the same time , I still have my dreams and aspirations.
these days I'm learning new words!!
he tries to hang around you and give you a good look at him.
Do you want to spend the rest of your life like this?
be sure what you are up to.
You don't have to forwarn him, just do it.
It is called a crush and Lust!
Not unless you catch him flirting etc.
there's no way to answer this question.
young is attractive and even though they are old , they still have hormones.
y do only have to be pettite girls . Large girls can have good looking husbands
Then out of no where WHAM!!
are serious at all if you let me know I will connect .
Well no is not is Yall love dichother is only think it
What IF A CONDOM BREAKS AND YOU GET HER PREGANANT!!!
=] They don't want to seem pushy.
they have it so easily and at the same time , can look so damn good!
do looking at it like that.
but that is probably a good thing because , if not what we would do in our spare time ;)
He's mad cause you didn't give up no butty?
Darcy: No, that's not what I meant.
Because European girls are the hottest!
Ya, I think I do... or so people tell me!
My ex hardly ever wanted to...
Shes a sweetheart and it is not the least bit weird having sex with a girl!
focus on the good you have.
i have loved two women at one time.
going out with each one once and then pick the one you like better.
I am sorry , but these are the kind of girls I hate!!!
hell be farting , burping, in bed and even wanting to sleep separated from you.
That sounds like a very creative idea...and reading about her I think she will enjoy it... Good luck
i have always found my wife sexy.
Save yourself those 200 bones and dumb his ass.
And people think she's dumb--how dumb is she if she has her own business??
although, you should tell your boyfriend something.
Can y'all see something ? I ca
i'm married, and I have tried to change my husband.
Not as often as I'd like to!
Astalavista, baby, got me a new lover..
when your adult but when the time is right
so stop looking and the right guy will come along.
what you're talking about is not really fighting.
Don't cheat in the first place!
POEM'S IS NO GOOD for BRAKEUPS.
I in the same way and I do not know why .
One She has to be a Christian and right with god.
i would say about 8th grade , about 13 is a good age.
The boy can dress.My best friend thinks that I should give him a chance.
Give it up and move on with your life.
because sometimes flirting is just that...flirting.
Just say to her,ILOVE You,then kiss her before she says nothing...;-)
men luv gadgets .. get him the latest pocket mp3 player
Yes if I want , I can become gay.
or what thats just crazy . You need to have a talk with this girl
Don't go any further, just let it go.
you seem like a great girl , so just hang in there.
one day , It seems he likes you . He sends you some signals.
WHEN everybody UGLY AND YOU LOST HOPE
And do try to define it, just LIVE IT!
Barney singing I love you, you love me...
but it might be interesting if someone gets married and then loves his wife...
depends on how long you really, and how old you are.
Tell him that you like him too!
IT ALL DEPEND ON WHAT your RELATIONSHIP is . Tell US SOME MORE INFO ON your RELATIONSHIP.
if I'm constantly asking this question...?
You obviously do not trust him and a relationship without trust will not go anywhere!
because there are a lot of girls on myspace and they want to keep the girlz on.
Learning grammar & spelling wo hurt!
i making him breakfast,lunch and dinner seems to keep him very happy.
If one didn't work out , move on and have some fun.
It's pretty sad when a 15 year old puts you in your place...
Find out their phone number, then add 1-(area code)-(num)-(bers) g'luck!
Neither... you know he's cheating, why waste your money?
well you have to move on.
so girls, if you want a guy to respect you and take you seriously, don't sell sex.
because if he flirts with you , he is probably just doing it for fun.
Because no real woman will ever just flat out tell a guy she is interested
5.---STOP LISTENING TO ME and tell her the truth.
If you are a guy , it means that one of the girls in the group likes you.
the Chances are, your teen won't tell you if they are having sex.
That's basically what I look for.
Don't dwell on it, for the rest of your life needs living, so try to focus on that.
smiling and giggling . I would know 'm a big flirt!
kissing her neck and ear and whispering words to her.
=D Good luck with your love life!
ohh and also remember that condoms are not 100% good and you may get her pregnant
yes you should , but only if he deserves it .
maybe maybe not seeing you are a guy unless you mean let go fishing then I would love to...
Girls know this and they watch to see if you're nice to the guy she's with.
wow u must be a small kid... lol its ok to just be gay!!
honestly could tell you , but if you have to ask , things may not be going so well.
Guys always want to have sex
Even if they think your boyfriend looks weird, all that matters is that you think he looks good!
A babysitter (if you have kids).
and if you think she is cute , DEFINITELY do not!
I THINK IF YOU REALLY LOVE SOMEBODY , THEN WHEN YOU ARE TEMPTED YOU CHECK yourself .
make a lot of eye contact and smile when she looks your way.
every time I like go up to him , he looks all happy and so I 'm not sure.
I hope things work out for ya.
Just have to say - hey!
take the pic and save it in a folder u no.
No need to worry about the past?
IF BY CHANCE , YOUR BOYFRIEND IS A Christian THEN FORGIVENESS SHOULD BE EASY .
marriage and relationships are not supposed to be like that.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
2 years older is not bad.
im in one right now, and it will be for another 5 months.
if you cheated on him , then why do you want him back.
he probably thinks you like it and it makes him better in your eyes.
you do not deserve this and really neither does he.
You have to do everything from your heart to be true to her.
i hope my rambling has helped some.
wait till marriage for sex, hun.
to take their bad and their good all the time.
will telling him now make him move away?
and yeah , is slang for yes.
It SOUNDS LIKE YOU NEED TO GET AWAY FROM HIM.
i don't think that there is someone better looking.
36 B .TO A 36 C .
I find it hillarious when a guy TRIES to look sexy.
I also love a girl . What can I tell you?
Go get a STD test you ho.
No but why wouldn't you just buy the cheaper one that looks exactly the same?
And are you sure that she is?
now we see them in the shower at the gym.
You only get one chance at doing this thing called life.
I don't know what to do..
we all know when a woman is interested in us... ;)
yea,sometimes they look for a girl with a breast or a big butt...
let me reitterate this one: NO.
probably 15 cos shes gonna be a little mature , but she is still very sweet
if you two are serious . I say 3 months ...if not that serious.. you decide
HE NEED TO GET INTO A REHAB AND GET CLEAN.
I know you are a smart girl.
If he does...he isnt worth it
Hey man... girls are those interesting animals different (very different from men.
Why'd you ask if ur gonna be skeptical?
Now, don't you go messing with trouble.
If she wants to just cuddle... then just cuddle... don't get all pushy and horny on her.
Remember that you care about someone.
That's like asking, Do you like black ppl?
Take you a little feel too.
because they are losers and nothing better to do with but hurt girls.
ive done it be for and im finally with the love of my life.
but until then I might as well because I do really done so.....
just try to be a sweet girl and ignore him some times.
:P I really can't explain it.
keep trying new things and if this does work , ask her her thoughts
is He was too old .
EDIT: Here's sort of a nasty trick you can do.
Be your most charming self and be sure you give her sexy eyes, and if she flirts, flirt back.
Day and night, why only one?
Look at your question list, Dolon, you're pathetic...
sex does get monotonous at times, but we try to find things to liven it up a little.
If you cheated on him , then I don't blame him for being mad.
find out if he likes you and if he does , then ask him out
Just telling her, you are 21 and your own person.
do you think I might be making her nervous?
i know it when my heart and brain went numb
It's not going to get any better .
Trust me, that ought to make him happy!!
OH GOD yeah....umm, you can exceed the norm for how kinky you guys are used to getting.
Sex is a beautiful thing , embrace it.
When I see a girl all slutty, what else would a guy think about.
maybe because love isn't what we expect it to be.
She is crazy if she loves it!
Because of recent events in my life, I find myself single and alone again at age 51.
Uh...you are too young for me!!
what trust does she have with this other friend that keeps you from dating her.
1st ask yourself, why did he leave?
Divorce him and get on with the rest of your life.
yeah my boyfriends do a lot.
no sense crying over spilt milk later on.
My crush has an odd taste for shoes, but I still like him a lot.
maybe find someone new to ask out
so I sent him an e-card saying mommy, this monkey followed me home.
w/ guys or he tells you
guys do like to be crowded
he is on his best behaviour
the craziest song was Chicken Head Um that was the only loud thing we had
See You are what I call... a bad guy.
if you ca talk to him now , how will things be in the future?
First you have to be completely sure your doing the right thing for yourself!!
please insert a real photo since you're a real person
down there if you get my drift.
IT HELPS relieve THE PRESSURE ON YOUR TUMMY.AND IT'S A WONDERFUL POSITION FOR HITTING THE WOMEN in TWO G SPOTS.
There really is no way to tell if a person is being honest with you.
just talking to him and make him laugh a lot , the best way to flirt.
now were just friends, but I still like him and I think he likes me.
BUT IF YOU ARE NOT GOING OUT WITH A GIRL , IT IS OK.
i like to have sex after lunch and after dinner .
This means that he really wants to be around the one that he cares about.
she was not looking for anything at school,and there he was!!!
tend her to talk to you
16 and 21 is a big difference.
Forget her and start hunting for a better gurl
What girl could say no to that?
because you're a jackass trying to sound like a gansta.
Why WOULD YOU WANT TO KNOW THAT?
God blessing and hang in there.
or check to see if he wears a wedding ring.
my my eHarmany.com I heard it was really good . My best friend 's Mom met her fiance` . . There
If YOU REALLY CARE FOR SOMEONE,IT IS THE WHOLE PERSON YOU CARE ABOUT, NOT JUST WHAT THEY LOOK LIKE.
he is in his mid 40's.
think on that for a while.
me and my fiance are freaking out.
No even if you and she have been friends for thirty years.
You go girl :o) Hopefully I find a nice guy someday.
a good cry, a good drink, and a good friend.
don't do it...its not worth it !!
Did you ever think that she was wriggling out of it because she doesn't want to go out with you?
i mean , would you take a Mexican guy over someone else?
Thats the way I see it .
I see it all about his child, but him going around you to his EX.GIRLFRIEND!
i used to have a bf and we broke up.
i need someone to go out with
I get the feeling like wow, where did that come from?!
Just because you cheated on him doesn't mean he has to get mad at you,does he?
It gets you no where, it drives her away.
say you are being a little too clingy
romantic Guys aren't always the best!
Interesting.... And I'd have no problem watching brokeback mountain,sssss just not with my dad.
U just tell the grrrs, It's small, but it's cute ;-)
How often do you ... you know?
(not a physical fire... do burn down your house)
beg her to forgive you and understand her if she didn't
Let him marinating with someone else cuz obviously you ca produce.......No disrespect
Can I learn to get past that and trust a woman again?
Guys are forgetful too, you know?
I definitely don't want one in my neighborhood...
Hey This is just a woman perseptive.
shes a f**cking lunatic and control and whiny.
he Do you deserve the money, after you have bought all the baby stuff right?
Stick to the girls who like baseball & beer, they are the best ones!
hey 2 points is 2 points
but if you want more, don't be afraid to ask his status.
he looks exactly like my cousin though , so it is kinda weird
from experience I can say.... because of the relationship with the children mother!
Two years is too long to wait!
When you always do what SHE/HE likes.
please tell me what !what is love
It It Would be really great to meet and make friends with a gay guy.
Have fun and if you wear lingerie for him, he'll NEVER leave you!!!
Honey, Just because you are in love doesnt mean you should try anything he wants to try.
Why would you want him if he doesn't want you?
He making a total fool of himself around you...
don't worry your not alone...i just don't feel have a commitment right now...im so busy with my studies...
Don;t be surprised is they do not confide much once she starts counciling.
Is he full of crap and scared to admit his real feelings or am I just tripping?
TELL HIM THAT YOU do HAVE THE SAME FEELING AS B4 . Just TELL HIM THE TRUTH .
Don't wait until things get worse.
I say Chicken .. or rooster for that matter!
i just want her to be happy.
you really are no good to yourself, your kids & your wife if you stay.
She's your wife . You should b w/ her.
Unless the girl is really enjoying it , then time will not be a factor...
not something to fall in and out of so fast.
It's like me trying to be a lesbian when I like men so much:)).
If your man is doing this for you, he is into you....
I personally don't like it very much.
They want someone who is smart and funny and...!
when true love is involved , then color is not an issue .
And no matter how much I fought that fact, that was definitely the case for me.
if That is your name, sure.
When you always think about someone.
for some people , marriage is a mistake.
He just knows you like him and you are an easy target.
their personality, and if they flirt with me while sitting on my lap when stealing kisses from me.
no Not if you feel like it was the right thing to do
They probably don't deserve you anyway.
NOT HOT AT ALL . He is VERY CORNY . No I MEAN LAME .
i could really use the advice... He's been my friend for three years now.
seriously , a car is nothing,I don't have one!
Heck, some people might actually live there still!
Some girls do, some girls don't.
I DID THAT DANCE IN GRADE SCHOOL AND IT WASN;T HARD TO LEARN.
he//, 'm 12 years old and I 'm already dating
But Gurlita as soon as I am at school 'm gone!!!
don't think about it anymore, go get help.
1.he becomes far from you 2.he n't compliment you as much . 3.he blew you off!
i think it is because I do
I say just walk up to her and ask her out.
I worried she's on drugs or???
i would not mess with karma.
Hey I have been married for 3 years and want to spice up my husbands and my sex life!!
start to look at a new gall,
You will be OK, keep your head up!
tell him what you want, and keep the conversation going from there.
p.s If you want to chat , email me
if you give a guy everything he wants and he is still n't happy . Maybe it is time to move on.
if ur cheap, a card,some flowers,hug,and a passionate kiss.
Boyfriends come and go . Best friends are forever
You have one and you should hold on to him.
it will only make it worse
i'm like feeling deep for this boy.
so I kind of felt bad.
TRUTH ME IF YOU PARNETS DIDN'T LOVE YOU , THEY WOULD PUT YOU OUT.
I have always like that one....
So why is life so tough?
boyfriends come and go , Your true friends will be there no matter what.
NO IN THE TIME OF NEED , YOU NEED YOUR FRIENDS.
I am an old fashioned guy.
Bullsh*t. I am the anti-domestic woman I guess.
Your girl friend is just being picky right now.
He probably want to say it back because you do reply with like you as well .
question back at you: would you respect a girl that isn't hard to get?
never hate when you hate it drags you down
Just be yourself and if he is the right guy , he will soon be yours.
YES, CAUSE HE SOUNDS LIKE THE FAKE TYPE
but I don't know if he's over me.
true , be care full of what you wish for
I mean sex is good . I just want some different-----Any suggestions??
tomorrow because she still gets over you and she now wants one memory .
:)that is why I am dating Eric:))
im sorry you have to deal with that.
means you feel the need to have sex
probably because you do feel something
find a new boy and make your old jealous
So if you don't love her, be honest with her!
I never kissed a boy before.
yes and I waz so dumb 4 that 1
sometimes alone time is the best way to know yourself ( what you need and want).
you are getting sloppy seconds and the other woman 's problems that he did not tell you about.
But, life goes on and you have to MOVE on.
it sounds like you are just f@#king... If you arent dating then I recommend you to stop having sex.
giving u r partner Id I will ask and tell you
you'll find some one that likes you for you.
But not enough to give up the attention she gets from keeping guys like you around.
i dunno, it's nice to not to worry about bills and rent, but it's also kinda getting old.
hold your breath and lick their ass....seriously
But like I said , not all young women date young men . They do like the more mature ones .
no matter how long I would wait.
i met my hubby in a chatroom!!!
he is hot,funny,and smart.he is just my kind of guy . One problem,he's sorta a player.wat should I do?
well My first kiss was last year.so yeah 15 years old.
you can't make someone love you
some people are just scared of the d word.... DIVORCE!
talking to people on the internet is like talking to a mystery person
Good Luck . I Hope I helped a bit .
i with my ex for four years.
Like the guy decides to get hooked up.
I have felt like that a lot in my life...
If ya'll can work it out then no.
I don't know, that girl sounds like a flake.
I don't want a simple answer...like it tastes salty...explain that to me.thats a homework question ppl
So just roll w/ the punches and just call back and get a new girl.
Oh - and my husband and I will be praying for you and your marriage and your children!
hug him with his waist ,put your lips on his lips /cheek.
And, by the way ... BEAUTIFUL IS ABSOLUTELY WRONG!!
You were blind like most men because us women expect you guys to read our minds.
Do it only when you are in a good mood.
A good lover will want to please you first..no matter what.
just follow along with what he's doing and you'll just be fine....
Maybe he's gay , think about it carefully.... lol c'mon on the butt?
Thanks (Our house is up for sale now)
to get her back , just apologize to her say some phrases or give her some flowers
Do what you did in the past.
so never think of another man or woman in your life.
I wouldn't care if my boyfriend (If I had one) bought another girl a drink.
aside from the fact that they could be called queen mother.
YOU HAVE GAVE HIM CHANCHES BEFORE, GET ON WITH YOUR LIFE.
do it once in a while.
I don't ever do anything about it.
it depends on the mistake, pray about what you have done.
Unless the both of you are divorced, I don't see the two of you hookin up.
well if you want to have a girlfriend, why would you ask on the internet.
i like girls that are fun,active,and do smoke.
YES, I CAN THINK BLUE , BUT NOT ONLY ME , EVERYONE CAN THINK BLUE COZ EVERYBODY HAS IMAGINATION POWER.
Well, you ask me, but the answer is NO!!!!!
Yah.. Sometimes I think blue because I'm very sad . Don't worry, you're normal!
Keep me in the loop of things and let me know how it goes, good luck and have fun!!!!
no.. My bf is younger than me.
Go all out if you want to.
Maybe You'll be lucky and she'll want you!
Most people, sadly, don't realise the difference between sex (the act) and love making.
if I had a bf whop was cheating on me . It common since!
here is info: (reunion.com) This site helps people find long lost person
Move on and you should not have moved in with him... keep telling ladies this... don't believe me.
Spandex n a muscle shirt lmao
You give me hope for the future...
def pretty face and OK body
I am dating a guy that is 25 and I am 28!
girlslike to talk a lot about themselves
this want to help you all
My advice would be.... 1. go to counciling on your own.
perhaps they really are virgins, or they just want to get a bad reputation.
Thats if you lived here in NC.
try getting kermit if you don't think it's too dumb.
see u gotta tell her some time or another
sure, may not be healthy but *hit happens
fantasizing in an appropriate place, say, um, church, for instance....nasty.
I know a few 'gay people'.
if you really love her , you won't.
Yes love hurts . I do not care how in love you are . It just really hurts .
She like me as a friend but not as a boyfriend.
Go slow...if a guy or girl is worth it, they will not rush you.
Since I started . The longest I've gone since then was about two months .
but I don't know if I should make my move or what.
A good reason to wait until marriage!
Unless you like being in bondage...
I think the girl above named Cindy is so right on target...
Not every girl gives out their #
and I thanked him for helping me sort out another bad seed.
totaly,loves her is more like it .
No 'cuz I'm a straight guy.
find one you're interested in and ask her.
No offense... but are you drunk.
If he smiles and looks at you , He might try to start a conversation
Have you done anything to make her mad?
(due to a severe car accident, semi-truck hit me head on!!)
I get hints that he tries but he never does.
Don't flirt with everyone, or else they will think you are a whore.
..because life moves on and you can't dwell on the past.
What did you do to lose her?
FOR Every WOMAN IS A MAN .
But a young person (under 18) should not be kissing anyone!
But I would think sucking a cock is nasty!
It It It is definitely ok to want to be pleased.
get rid of the guy, there's no true love there
Hot guys are out there , but without intelligence and a strong mind , they mean nothing!
and Valentines Day is coming up and I want to give him something.
i don't think nationalities should be in question here.
not well , Eventually it doesn't work out.
Generally, Guys do not find it attractive when a girl asks them out.
tell them the truth, be out right and forward about it , so there is no cunfusion, This sounds pretty serious.
Micheal Jakson doesnt sleep , do you know that?
I never give out my number at bars, If they ask, I always give them a fake one.
if you r . then its perfectly natural if you you not then I suggest seeing a doc.
The home is good , but do you want great?
i do everything for my bf and I get nothing in return
Was I supposed to just get over her?
It didn't work so well back then either.
As long as you love them and they love you . Then I do see why not!
Can I buy you a fish sandwich?
u have to ask Urself... Is he worth it?
Because you gave them to her.
What men think hottest? is
I can't seem to let her go...
(Assuming you do really KNOW the guy)
Well Even good women get hurt by men too.
Hi how are you ? I guess nobody is online cuz theres so many questions without answers.
Don't worry about those kinds of guys, just be yourself and you will find mr.
do leave him out of your life.
U have to try practically.....asking out here , Answers will not help.
Ya need to Change things, don't accept what you have now.
not ask her to marry me.
I heard it is even sexy!!!
hmmm.... do a lot of housework!
sure..if you don't mind the military lifestyle
That weak little man that thinks he needs to hit you to feel like a man needs to GO!!!
Be real and tell her what is happening lies because things may get more complicated!
Now he is going out with another guy.
you must be bad at spelling or you must be so high .
I want to marriage not just a date.
you already know the answer to this question.
but I do have an old truck for work!!
So at school , I flipped him off but didn't get in trouble.
well that easily if he doesnt love you , just break up with him.
CONGRAT ON YOUR NEW FOUND LOVE!
Either way, it doesn't really mean she's interested in you , so what does it matter?
If you're up for the adventure!
So at school , I flipped him off but didn't get in trouble.
well that easily if he doesnt love you , just break up with him.
CONGRAT ON YOUR NEW FOUND LOVE!
Either way, it doesn't really mean she's interested in you , so what does it matter?
If you're up for the adventure!
The God The fearing man is the best guy!
MY THING IS, WHY STOOP TO THEIR LEVEL AND GAMBLE WITH YOUR MANHOOD/WOMANHOOD BY CHEATING TOO?
he got me a plush doggy.
When she gets older , Would you want her to stay with someone who treats her like that?
he didnt say anything after that.
if you are a man who loves your wife , there is nothing that beats that.
will you play doll house with your kid?
It was the way to go, no stress at all!
So why can't I get a date????
Is not working out once mean I should just move on?
she says that she does that because she talks to other people online .
buy a dozen white roses, then put a single red rose in the middle.
And it didn't cost me a dime, just a little of my time.
wow id have to say.... around....17 or so?
Anyone who cheats on you is not worth it . baby or no baby.
the cute thing is that I only got him something and he only got something for me.
then just ask her to go out with you.
Yeah That is fine , but it does mean something.
be kind to yourself yourself . You have to live with yourself . No one else loves yourself
IF that doesn't work...maybe you should break it off.
i like her and she does me.
so is that cheating or not.
if he wants to divorce his wife anyway...i think you should tell her what he said to you.
BECAUSE BOYFRIENDS COME AND GO , FRIENDS ARE FOREVER !!!!!!!!!
Cause y'all ask for it;Don;t ask if you don't want our # anyway.
DAMN, No wonder I've been cranky.
Hot bodt with an ok face.
But just make sure you do it in person... over the phone or online are NOT as special.
A BACK STABING BAD FRIEND= WITH FRIENDS LIKE THIS WHO NEEDS enemies
A Women SHOULD BE TREATED WITH RESPECT, LOVE ,TENDERNESS .
every one does at one point.
Even if you're shy, you can still ask her out calm and joyfully.
i studying it at school Damn somebody done gave you a std.
If you have had sex, you are not a virgin... ...if you haven't, then you are.
I still love her after everything I have been done with her.
if you really love them , then you are never too old.
GET ON WITH YOUR LIFE,IT WAS NOT hard TO BE.
The younger boys are immature, just to let you know.
no , letters are great . They express love better than anything
you just have to go talk to her, I know how hard it is . Believe me
Hell yea ur little too old.
Umm..its depends if you both really like each other . Then YES all the way!
My boyfriend caught me talking to my ex ?
You picking guys like this for a reason.
Not Everyone is like your wife.
You just have to know that he's got your back no matter what!
Even though we haven't met face to face , we were both in love.
as long as you want to..........there is no set time.
but she is soo great to talk to and I don't want to hurt her.
We talking about it and I got SO excited.
THAT COULD BE JUST WHAT SHE'S LOOKING FOR.
Why don't you just ask her!
Dumped the guy, dumped the best friend & I haven't gotten that close to another woman since!
No, definitely color has nothing to do w/ great marriage.
it shows she is comfortable with you.
You having sex with her while she's sleeping??
A team or a club or a gym...?
because it 's in our mind....other that it is like jogging in the park.
it seems u r hot !
Do what you want, just stay away from my man would you
1 The fact that he has a car is a pretty good start
I would think I was like a hero .
1 n 3 open her clothes and then have sex with her
But maybe because I have black hair also.
in most cases, once a cheater is always a cheater, think, before you jump again...
don't be mean,and don't do crazy things!
it depends on the person you want to love, If he is a friend , then don't mix it with love.
when you are ready to continue your life . Do rush yourself but do not wait forever either .
hey boo, let me keep it real . If she loved you then she would show it all the time.
An emotionally broken man finds it impossible to come up...
of course , confidence is no need to explain.
just be cool and do try to act like you have got a game.
do what you know is right.
i love you doesnt count on two occasions.
be your self an oman like men that arent fake my friend.
:) (PS - We've been dating for two years now, so it worked for me!)
tell your guy to GET A LIFE!
ISN'T THAT THE KIND OF WOMAN YOU WOULD LIKE TO HAVE?
Go to England and ask someone out?
Either way , you should get this checked out.
fat or thin, it's what's in the heart that counts
give her clues to how you feel and if that doesnt work , then you should just tell her.
to love is loveless unless you love yourself.
Can't do much more than you already have.
Cool down .....he would be just like any other guy.
Also u don't want to rush back in with bagage from the last guy( you know?)
hey you can't wrong with the date sampler of dinner and movie.
in other words,if it works for ya'll,then ROCK ON!
Ask him out the same way you'd ask a black guy out.
Michigan is the sexiest state in the us.
Im feeling like that right now with my girlfriend.
If I liked someone I do think it would matter.
If he broke up w/me-I'd keep it.
what's in it for him, Will you sign a pre nup ?
if Too nice people will pick up on that and abuse it.
they will now be on time
even more if the girl is looking
Don't do it . Men lie a lot.
stand behind her and play with her hair, girls like that!
#1. If he accuses you of cheating, you know he is messing around
Yeah why not... just don't get too wild.
What stailive miss is that its not beholder , it's beerholder
are the symptoms of falling out of love.
And do talk to your ex if you have over him yet!
Ask him if he really loves you and why is he hittin' on other girls?
Ask him what he wants and give it to him.
Is Y Is 3 b so bad?
It's just something you feel together, hey!
Why stay in love with the one that does not care about you or love you in return?
girl You should break up wit him because he proalbly has a girl on his side .
Most girls ca stand cheesy unless they are creative and cute.
he is the sweetest chachito EVER!
but that 's nothing to do with you.
girls like a guy who will admit he goofed up and apologize.
i CAN TELL YOU STORIES WITH HAPPY ENDINGS AND STORIES WITH SAD ENDINGS.
PICK A QUIET , pleasant PLACE,WERE YOU WON'T BE DISTURBED.
Why is it that when I finally find love , there has to be something in the way?
If she really loved you , she wouldn't ask.
i thinking about him all the time.
love ya lots like tater tots!!
any day for sure , no problems
nah, it's got nothing to do with pride.
i have so many love names for him , like : Corazon, amor, Taquito, chiquito, bebe, papi, etc.
be a friend unless you have a romantic interest in him
stop sucking my dick and start eating the pussy
If he cannot play it straight, then he is not very honest , is he?
THAT WAS AN EXAGERATION BUT a lot OF TIMES.
:) and in teams there is no room for selfishness.
Girl don't let him control you!!
Unless you have kids and she isn't ready for that yet.
Stay strong, you can make it!
Well for me it does not exist...
i really do love her ..
it's only gentlemen like to do so.
then, depending on his answer, dump him or don't
THEY LOVE YOU.. That 's WHY YOU LIVING WITH THEM . Okay . THAT SHOWS TRUE LOVE....
make sure she is not racist
when I was at Ft Benn.
If you can improve it . try Jewery (necklace)
Then you go out and cheat on him?
if your his boyfriend then tell him that he is clumpsy in terms of sweetness and caring!
I can't tell you but it lasts forever Oh!
I think it 's normal, most guys think about sex a lot too.
My friend asked me this and I told her to dump him.
If you aint gettin it , somebody is
Tell your girl that you need girl time with her without guys around.
How can I know his nature & how can I know he really loves me.
The The ONLY PROBLEM IS THAT SHE IS 3 OR 2 YEARS OLDER THAN ME.
depends r u on your period?
Most women don't have a high sex drive until they 35 or older.
Just saying to yourself outloud in a crowd of single men......NEXT!!!!!!!!!!!!
when it is broken , it takes time to heal.
whta is this world coming to ?
There are some women that I can't imagine with anything but long hair...and it looks delicious!
no I would not resent the person being late.
Well for me its outta there, whoo livin on me own!
just b urself if he doesn't want , then forget about him.
(I have a recipe for spicey meatloaf if ya want it)
Remember, guys really don't like girls who are easy, they just use you.
Spend your money on a therapist, okay?
Unless you're married and have kids, etc...
like Do u think she will be willing 2?
BE NICE< BE THE CLASS CLOWN AND JUST BE FRIENDLY!
if that fails, just ask him out (go w/ something simple like would accompany me to...(a funeral maybe?
BUT YOU MUST REMEMBER TO RESPECT THE SPACE THAT SHE IS ASKING YOU FOR.
i think it 's bad ,because I have had one .
Nope I think black&pink because blue is so old already almost everybody likes blue!!!!
If you feel theres no hope , then fuck it.
He only do it now at , maybe once every 2 WKS
like Everyone one will tell you... if you are not ready for it , do do it.
I would... and I have been married for 3 years now.....
AND THEY MUST LOVE EACH OTHER TOO!
do be shakin in your boots.
but I don't think I think in blue
IF you are IN SCHOOL, I SAY, IF you CAN LIVE for FREE.
to go to the beach, or do something fun like, I don't know, miniture golf.
but before you do that, see why he is saying that.
change your pace every once in a while.
i think there is no true defnition of love except this one love is love .
My girlfriend was..Hurts like hell.That's why I never trusted my best friend anymore
He's still your dad and he loves you no matter what.
i like the way a person carries themselves
over and over if you had too, love is worth it.
Why don't you just tell them you are saving a house?
I dont like bars or dance clubs that much.
it's not good to hate , but it depends on what he did?
then make it a goal to say something, even if its only hi, every day.
My husband and I have been separated for 5 months.
(these gals just emailed me their numbers!
but don't froce anyone in this country
Best of luck by finding your father!!
tell them to go somewhere and then burn your house
Otherwise, I found myself hanging out with guys wasting time.
maybe you mean to, maybe you don't.
I mean... Is that his best physical feature?
also asking for her number and email.
Ask her what the deal is between Yall.if she tells her girlfriend 's friends , then leave it .
but if it was just a friend 's dance , then it was OK.
You're BEST FRIEND or her boyfriend
find adventure with other people because you are both not happy about the adventure going on between you two?
you aren't going to lose anything.
yeah sexy and sweet.... I bet you like to lick and suck on the toe.... lmao
Above all good luck and have fun!!
I never saw her after that.
what something you did or you are just new to a school . Add some details
i slapped him on the booty and he smiled .
Well Since I started , the longest has been about 6 months and that was only because I was pregnant .
You should tell her . You never know she could just be saying she is straight . She could be lying
only if this girl is ur gf... she is right??
So now you play the waiting game , huh?
if she rejects just make out with her and get a room.
make your family proud of you !
please don't stop reading because of that comment.
OK, well you could either wait for him to move back to where you live.
so roll the dice and ask him instead of us.
!or just have a friend tell him.
only black guys and Italian guys are cute.
if I paid like 100,000,000,000, if I do get paid
start It depends on the woman!
The answer is very simple...Not only CAN HE, HE WILL!!!!!
And plus her mouth right there if she wants to talk dirty LOL.
AeroSmith agrees with you in their song: I don't wanna miss a thing
not on yahoo . I can tell you that
Ask him and see what he says.
So you SHOULD break up with him.
he has already got a new girlfriend.
And I need someone to chat with.
you should just see how things go when he comes down.
You want a good man with morals , not a hot guy that has nothing going for himself but looks!
how to get your man back
if he means it , he'll say it again . Just keep doing what he 's doing
No no no I would not .
see if she works out of it.
I say that you dress up like a Hilary Duff and kick his ass.
if he loves you , he will change his attitude
Whatever you and your mate compose.
Or maybe Match.com or something similar.
Why don't you talk to her about it???
no, there is nothing herbal you can do to make it bigger,nature gave you all you will ever have.
How long have you been gone out wit her?
platy games with my ex - wife 's husband, the one that do think about fooling around with her
but do cheat cuz that will hurt her even more.
i prefer older men more mature and usually play as many games as young guys
If you both like each other and want to make it work , it can happen.
Wow is this me ur talking about?
we kissing today but I held back some . Was that right?
a warm beach in the caribbean.
I feel like I ca trust. him
do not even try to notice them and they might notice you
well depends what do your other friends classify themselves?
Just remember that WHEREVER YOU GO THERE YOU ARE.
(I ca stop thinking about her then) What should I do?
good LUCK in GETTING HIM GURL.
Find some other guy to fall in love with.
remember that they were usually in war.
do just say random things that spout outta your head.
because you don't know why the ladies don't like you, so you can't fix the problem.
we are both in our 40's
The one that makes you both orgasm the hardest.
I LOVE THE Flava FLAVE SHOW.
You are a little bit too young to be kissing or doing anything else!
i do think you men realize what mental abuse is or know that you are even doing it.
I am a guy and I work from home.
Brad Pitt got pregnant Angelina while divorcing Jennifer...
so it would be I love someone very special.
I I I I I SAY AFTER HIGH SCHOOL . I MOVED OUT WHEN I WAS 16 and 21 NOW
I did not care about what others in school were doing
and trying to amend your ways , I mean your weakness , you know yourself.
after all , they are the ones who give birth.
I know it sucks, but guys need to make the first move.
and Ohh give her white roses on Valentines day, They are really romantic!
She may say how am I?
Take care and you will definitely be in my thoughts!!
Did he trying to get back with you during those 5 months?
like best to contact her...
what things you can say or the places you can go
Dating for fun is just stupid.
I am pretty sure he doesn't have a gf ....
Depends on which f-word you mean...
it will mess up your new relationship and you will go right back to the beginning
should I even make a move on him or not???
no, not at all - let him know how you feel
it happened to me and... here I am - married 4-1/2 years.
If all else fails... chocolate is always a good backup (with strawberries is possible)
Yes, my cousin is gay, and she's honestly one of my best friends ever!
...and can we use masks ..even for a good goal?
then have at it... you'll be pleasantly suprised.
it's really about the way of thinking & not age...
I felt the same way she did.
( he is gone two weeks at a time.)
However DO NOT TESTIFY ON EITHER OF THEIR BEHALFS.
then have at it... you'll be pleasantly suprised.
it's really about the way of thinking & not age...
I felt the same way she did.
( he is gone two weeks at a time.)
However DO NOT TESTIFY ON EITHER OF THEIR BEHALFS.
I never liked him . I liked his friend.
Be yourself and if that ain't impressive enough then the man has issues!!!
give as much response,dont know what to do .
And I don't use cheesy pick-up lines!
The bEST WAY FOR YOU IS TO MEET WITH HIM IN PUBLIC and and BE ALONE WITH HIM.
THEY DON'T LAST LONG AFTER YOU LET THEM BACK HOME.
maybe he knows and just doesn't find you attractive , so he/they sidestep the issue.
So You have a lot of options...
Don't give up snowboarding for a guy.
Well, since you are shy, and she's shy, go to her tomorrow
Either he just can't hang or put too much enfasis on sex and love.
if she's okay with it, then NO.
I did it once with my girlfriend and it was awesome!!
I'll go for the pig answer here....Breasts, legs, and butt....bigger the better on all 3
Ask him what he wants - then give it to him.
Of COURSE , it would be a big mistake!
YOU CAN ALWAYS BRING THE MEMORY OF YOUR OLD FRIEND INTO YOUR NEW RELATIONSHIPS...GOOD LUCK
be straight with her, That is what most girls look for in a guy . At least I do.
I've answered at least one of this guy's questions , not that I'm jealous or anything-puhlease!!!
I found mine on the internet.
he is also either playing or really self - centred and rude!!
Don't worry you will find the right guy.
Its called family , You'll know soon time to move on.
enjoy time with your family while you can :).
please tell me what to do..
i would 1st cuss her out.
LOOK IT UP IN THE DICTIONARY IF YOU ARE SO WORRIED ABOUT KNOWING WHAT LOVE IS!!
i definitely if I was horny.why not?
could have just been pillow talk too, do make a biggie out of it .
but remember to be nice to the girls
Think about boogers, toe fungus, my mother-in-law.
some guys not but others I think are hot .
no it just means he is cocky and wants to play games . Be careful that way you do get hurt.
by probably holding your lighter too close to it
Also guys dig chicks who like games.
You know, don't mind it that much.
Don't let your wife off the hook!
WRITE HIM A NOTE, ASK him THE QUESTION . Would YOU LIKE ME to WRITE a CIRCLE YES OR NO ?
If the guy you are with cares about you a lot and loves you- STICK WITH HIM.
um.. it depends if they both love them or someone else?
maybe you guys have some suggestions for me...
you asking them to marry you.
If you DO , I AM SOO INTERESTED IN TALKING TO you CUZ HE IS THE HOTTEST PERSON ALIVE
and for Christmas he came down to Az to visit and gave me a diamond ring.
or he may just come out and tell you.
If he liked your friend , he would go out with her.
Because people don't always marry the right person.
Why don't young men like older women?
mine stays in the house :)
When that happened to me . I went straight to my friend.
he seems like a nice guy stick with him.
but if they kick you out hen sorry they still love you though!!
way of wearing rings or something like that.....
No I think in purple, it is more loveable and happy not so...depressed
victorias secret if not long.......and if money is no object-take her on a weekend get-away!
i think I know what you are getting at.
Hell ya girlfriend be up front and honest.
its not tough- it just does not go the way we want it to go- big difference!!.
I not date anyone younger than 17.
just do whatever you do, make sure he doesn't cheat on you!
SO WHAT CAN I DO ?
No; 'cause if I flirt then you better believe that he was flirting with me first.
if a guy is ready to say he loves you , there is nothing wrong with that.
Then she came back to me saying that she didn't want that guy anyway.
but there`s a lot of confusion as we`ve never seen each other...only photos & n web cam.s
hey if you really love him , explain to him that being mean to your friends is not right.
he is always looking at the boys on their pijames
he's being chinsy and in the process being dishonest and very much not a man at all!
We have big arms, sexy bodies...jajaja.....yeah right!
no you can't date while you are getting a divorce , that would be cheating and it is still wrong .
thatnx to the answer on one guy that is older than me!
pissed cuz she's telling me she aint worried about me trying to get in her panties
tight boxers are a lot sexier!
if you love them more then that has to be the answer right there
that is such a COOL idea!!!!!!!!
my neck, lower back and thighs.. hehehe
I suggest you just move on...
but I want to wait
when it comes to emotions , guys just show them
and get your way with the real person.
Maybe it was him and had no other way of saying you that.
it thkes trust on both sides.
HAND UP POSTERS OF THAT ERA IN YOUR RECEPTION AREA.
Its not all on the girl, though
maybe best to just give it some more time and see if he shows up
Well I tried to give advice...=D lol.
And maybe they will be good friends
cheat on him..duh .have sex with his best friend
write her a letter if you do feel comfortable.
he is so o.m.g darn adorable!
look her straight in the eyes and and have a kind look on your face.
i'm so glad you asked this question
what celebrity would you like to sleep with??
Therefore, we like sex a lot!
Good luck and I hope it works out for you!
for me You should tell the truth .
it took me a whole year to admit to my friend cherry and myself that I felt for him.
you just ended up with the wrong guy.
When I liked a guy , I sent him a Valentines day card.
Well your lucky dont sweat it.
the It depends on the girl's nature .
it's not what you get, it's what you give that really counts.
Girls like that only want one thing: Money.
Like asking if they need help.
yes.when you having sex with someone and it feels as if two are one.
Treat them like they are the most special woman that you ever met.
But do listen to all of dragonfire.
and before I let you go , let me leave you with this.
or how far would you go with a guy?
it'll be hard , but you have to get over it.
now I am confused and do know what to do!
the answer to your question doesn't lie to me or anyone else you ask.
Is he just fronting, Does he really care, should I just leave it alone?!?!
do you look at her differently , does it make her less classy than you originally thought?
Which is scary coz I think he's almost 9!!!!
Why don't they move to be with you??
i don't know did you ?
Why on earth would you buy an ENGAGEMENT ring for an EX girlfriend???
That is when you are a legal adult .
a good marriage counseler can help.
If you're making out heavily at 13 , have fun with a baby at 16!!
Why can't someone be just mine?
no We are all freeks online .
And He is everything I have ever dreamed of!
Not saying it's a great thing , but THAT LIFE.
my gosh,i hope you realize what a great guy you have and don't cheat on him!
If you love that person, then, yes.
When you feel it coming on, slow down and think about something off subject.. like drag racing..LOL
or they must use a mask to have what they need & want ?
mmmmm.... Look at me and smile and looked down.
YOU SHOULD REALLY TALK TO HIM OR MAYBE HE IS NOT READY FOR THAT KIND OF A COMMITMENT.
watching dvds with him alone and , by the way , I am
sticking your tongue in their dookie shoot .
if they're such a good friend, Why are they trying to get wit your man in the first place?
By nature, they are the ones that guys want.
we have been together for 3 yrs.
did get to know each other before hand.
Yes... if you are a man.
don't choke and skrew up your words.
i would call that a fony friend.
If that's the case, hell yeah!!
But really, whose business is it anyway?
I LOOOOOOVE wearing my hubby's tshirts and sweats.
go see the doctor and tell them that.
you would have to categorize this question to ever get a real answer.
Yeah, Hope you know him, I mean is only dating.
trying sexing without 1. thinking about it 2. listening to it 3. thinking about it.
People change....if it 's been ten years, he is NOT the same person he WAS.
so what should I do ???
If you did not have sex, Well then you are still a virgin.
or are they just seeing people?
he is probably a player and not worth your time anyway.
Keep it clean . I want to know not get kicked off . Thanks!!
my My sn is JvLmRive 4 Aol so come talk with me
It's stupid to throw away your friendship.
Our three - month anniversary is coming up and I do know what to get her (she likes frogs).
(sarcasim) And Thats Your Valentines Present!
sometimes when I just sit there and watch my friends go crazy!
So just ask him if theres any chance he likes you!
You feeling things at the same
But not be too cheesy, just keep it real.
but obviously , you're not getting what you need.
you apologize with some flowers and you tell her that you love her!
and now , we talk online but with less replies from her .
Yea If YOU do HAVE VAGINAL INTERCOUSE THEN you ARE
Most boys my age don't even look twice at me.
Baby girl , If you are under 15 , you should consider your education and goals before a hot guy!
it probably already happening, you just know it
um ya this is deep so id say them or self & I
well it depends what the truth is.
well , maybe a little , but it takes time . That is the point I'am making.
Just means he wants himself more than you want him!
maybe set up the bar like the old speakeasies
Ask yourself these questions: Am I happy?
Yeah I was and the guy broke up with me because he said he doesn't like long relationships.
Your optional answers only leave me to believe she's a blow - up doll, so... 3. have sex with it.
when we are happy , we forget everything.
you have to ask him and let him know you like him!
if all else fails , you can always talk about it.
maybe because of your president 's behaviour towards the world ....
Girls love REAL not phoney stuff.
If you aren't helping him, then you are a part of his (and your) problem.
It SO it depends on the girl!
2 of them already have a family.
Oh and remember, BE A GENTLEMAN!
if the boy or girl is flirting with you constily giving you hugs , andgiving or sending you love notes
Talk about stuff she can get into.
if you have bumped uglies, then you are not
I guess you should make your selfesteem stronger... HOW?
a friend of mine . He was my blockmate for one subject .
give your bf time, just because you say it doesnt mean he has to.
They had a really great marriage and he loved her dearly.
My son asks, Why can't my dad be like my husband.
(though my family seems to go senile at age 8 but still) see what I mean?
I guess she really wasn't my best friend was she.
thats going to be hard...have you talked to your best friend about this?
If that doesn't work, smash his computer to bits!!
nah I really think in tikny colours haha
I usually say Hey there sweet thang.
Remember BOYS do WRITE LETTERS, THEY PROPOSE.
When guys wear boxers, they look like little boys.
sometimes I think that some men look for a woman to treat them bad.
But If they are 40 and 43 , then ok.
ya I have the same prob.
ALWAYS KNOW THAT A WOMAN NEEDS TO FEEL AS IF YOU HEAR HER.
When guys wear boxers, they look like little boys.
sometimes I think that some men look for a woman to treat them bad.
But If they are 40 and 43 , then ok.
ya I have the same prob.
ALWAYS KNOW THAT A WOMAN NEEDS TO FEEL AS IF YOU HEAR HER.
U should buy something very special that she doesn't have.
do sleep with someone like that!
Yea.. I'm myself when I am around her , but I want her to see me differently . Have any ideas?
it will happen when you least expect it to :)
It's all or nothing with me!
And for god sake , buy a guy a drink every once in a while.
i think most boys find the internal beauty of a girl First . You know what I mean .
stay with him if he is the one you want go for him.
i have to say my wife will never get out of the nurseing home.
A guy is either great, or a jerk.
if they will leave the relationship because you express yourself , then it's not worth it.
and if he did it once , he had enough power over me to do it again.
go out there and look for people special.
DO NOT DIP YOUR PEN IN THE COMPANY INK!
I AM GOING TO CHOOSE Dam&duf BLIND WOMAN
My youngest brother is 9 years younger than me.
Why NOT GO TO YOUR LOCAL SCHOOL AND GET THE BAND TO PERFORM SOME SONGS?
I have a special little unicorn my husband just loves.
he proposed to me & I agreed.
because all you will do is eventually spout hate.
What can I say I'm just blessed?!?
But we became friends anyhow and that was it..
and I love nature......butterflies, flowers, trees , all that stuff
time flies when your on yahoo answers
It sounds like counseling may help you two, lot
Then ask a girl to have sex with you.
On a bed, in a bedroom.
Ghosts, monsters in the closet or under the bed.
no, maybe he just wants to have a conversation, or his buddies aren't hanging out with him that day.
Your STYLIST WILL KNOW HOW TO DO IT, ITS FINGER WAVES AND COMBED OUT.
Don't worry about it or give it a preamble.
11. I had my first kiss at that age .
SCAREY MOVIES . I HATE THEM TO THIS DAY
Even straight girls can fall for tomboy,sssss you know.
OK.....LEAVE it to me to throw a wrench in the question.
And once he finds out, how do I get him to be with me?
this is the best I can think of.
food and the most romantic music.
lets start from there , so do that home girl.
Maybe you should be asking, Why do I want to know?
(sorry, I got a little crazy for a second there)
If she is in a relationship with him already, just leave it alone.
give me a freaken break here.
if The sex is bad . Leave
they also like to get flowers and secret letters from an apologetic guy.
What should I do if he has a lot of pretty, popular girls with him already?
Maybe her boyfriend can't or wo go for some reason.
If we show any sort of sex-drive we are sluts, whores, etc
how does the other guy feel about you?
But when you actually start meeting, things are gonna go bad because they see the real you.
Just give him a phone call
Only Only a lot OF PEOPLE DON'T SPEAK about HOW THEY FEEL WHEN THEY SHOULD HAVE.
and Of course , he will do it for you.
Get married when you're ready, Don't let them pressure you!
Men like to watch their women get off.
Her girlfriend is pretty cool too.
find somebody else , don't waste your time with him.
i would just tell her how sorry u were and just start making out with her
one line of advice is WIVES SUBMIT TO their HUSBANDS, HUSBANDS SUBMIT TO their WIVES.
and since sex is crap, then you wo be tempted to jump back into bed with her!
I just recently told him that I had a crush on him.
not if her boyfriend is around or a jealous person =)
ah yeah ...don't forget to swallow
To each their own but why ?
Just start doing things that will keep your brain off of him.
ask him if he is a good friend
If you give up what you love to do for a guy that's pathetic.
She started TALKIN' to that guy.
If you help them no age is too old...
yup - if you are into BSDM
Ok girls like it when you make them seem special , so mostly tell her duh.
hey waz up everything explanes me except college
just do it live as the nike slogan
Or maybe (and we hope not!)
i do care what anyone says , love is never lost.
Well I guess I will see ya.
tits ass and vaginas, duh, oh and mouths
First of all , Do you think someone did something 2 while you were unaware?
That is if you really really know what you want
I didn't want to ask her e-mail for one reason, because I wanted to forget everything that happened.
If he'll cheat with you, he'll cheat ON you!
i am so as was.and behave better with her
4. If all else fails , move on, there are other microorganisms in the cesspool.
I telling him to get over himself and think about how THEY feel.
you've given here everything that she needs , but have you ever thought of asking what she wants?
We didn't see each other like you , but through pictures and cam.s
When you think that way, guess what??
so they get mad because they don't feel like they can so easily.
Also, men mature later than women
depends on what you mean by phone relationship.
i`m really tired of these women that think if you are not thin or tight , you 're a joke .
first of you is a screw up.
I am not a candy, I am not a whore, and thank god I am not a virgin!
But be assured it's not always a woman!
in other words , my entire life
If it continued I eventually told my friend
If he did, he wouldn't have cheated in the first place.
Most guys are just users, once they get there , it's off to the next.
man would choose what their eyes can see , the women choose what their heart tells them .
for all of that and more!
-txgurl -------------- true love is when you don't see your spouse's faults.
if a guy stares at his eyes 4 times an hour every night . What is thinking about
TO GIVE YOU SOME REAL ADVICE, TALK TO YOUR WOMAN MANNNN!!!!
beautifull women are all around you look...but hey wot kinda beauty are you looking for?inner or surface...?
u want to find a lost friend?
Don't be afraid boy, just get out there and get it.
You'll feel like lightning hitting you!
Once you both mature a bit , you might just end up back together again.
How you appeal to him and how fast he recognizes you
how she shakes her hips and turns her head
You know by asking her what a girl like you do for fun on the weekends?.....
it's never gonna happen because guys hate desperation.
Is IT AMAZING WHAT MONEY CAN DO?
even though he says that he isn't afraid???
Unless it's on the cheeks , then go ahead!
some do , but not all anyway
it's never gonna happen because guys hate desperation.
Is IT AMAZING WHAT MONEY CAN DO?
even though he says that he isn't afraid???
Unless it's on the cheeks , then go ahead!
some do , but not all anyway
If he can't do this, then file.
Yea, Because we usually have sex
Yes I WOULD EVEN HAVE SEX WITHHIM
i do think it does that much , but to some girls it does
If yes , why, and if no , why not.
he tell me I'm crazy, sweet, and beautiful .
Wear cologne - girls like a guy that smells good.
Because we don't want our friends to see with and ugly girl!
Don't jump in head first before you get your life back together!
that's beastiality... I think blue is better suited for another dog...
just enough fat (if you will) to cover the abs.
I think boxers look like old man 's underwear.
i won't call anything that has to happen
if you are his friend , then surely you must know his home address.... go there and get the letter
Now he is acting completely not interested in me, saying stuff like I used to love you ...
If you are really sure, cut her
do you think she likes you
So common that I couldn't call it weird.
those are the signs of a guy who wants a relationship.
Why don't you try asking her out, maybe watch a movie or something.
but when the guy calls you do answer/return his phone call...what is this!!
Not sure if I can marry her.
(she should return your stuff tho, unless you told her it was a gift.
and are low enough to want him to leave his wife.
and be smart . That is what I look for in a woman.
so just go for it and let him know.
because the violent femmes said so.
you need to go to counseling with your husband if things are bad.
I realized I did want him to be a part of my life.
Girls like when guys ask them out in person.
Men are like dogs, you hit them in the nose once, and they won't do it again.
I don't do the other way, it's perverted, and I'll do almost anything.
How can I get him 2 say yes
What do you want to do??
they loved their mothers so much.
I believe that my hubby & my sex life is better now than it was when we got married!
it Do matter how old , You just know when the right time is
Just as with guys, women come in all shapes & sizes.
whoever says yes 2 u, theyre just playing.
I wouldn't call that person a friend at all.
Millions of girls in the WORLD!!
for virgin girls out there, well done!
no that 's not nasty , but that is not something that you want to tell people
yeah you just have to be careful .
It It's been 3 years and I love him to death.
is She is truly your best friend.
All you have to do is 'tell' your r wife that you're worth a husband to live with !
YES YES YES YES AND ONE MORE YES LOOK AT MY CASE.I'M SORRY HOMEGIRL.
but I must say blue does sometimes look better on other things than other colors .........
I dunno.About 21 or when you finish college
yep, it's normal and yep, guys like it.
i think you guys broke up for a reason.
Well buddy it sounds like she is a very critical lady!!
Now I told you about the boy I liked , so he came to my house today.
tell her that you and she both need other friends too.
not all are jerks . They just have to step out from behind their egos, and grow up.
Yeah, it is nothing to shy away from
Enless your like 20 and the other person is like 15 . Then that is not cool.. Just my opinion though!
at the end , just point the bed and you know what to do!!
i think in black and chrome!
I you are doing it fast and feel like you are coming, then slow down a bit.
no, Most of them are really ugly.
Not many good ones these days.
to meet ladies to get dates , to hang out
love or crush, for that matter of reasons.
My next wedding will be a spring wedding outside with lots of flowers on a beautiful lawn.
if you want to ruin your relationship, go ahead
This girl I know that sex sucks ass.
do date , the sadist told him to fuck off .
more on the silent type or the active one??
Sure if you are in love!
never too old for your parents.
Do you think I should tell my guy that I am going?
Chocolate and diamonds... or you could just do some of the little things that she likes.
But do not run so fast, You are too young
get rid of anything that reminds you of this guy.
Even if you don't date until you're out of school, who cares?!
praying and when it seems like he's(jesus )not listening to pray some more , 've been there
I would probably get tired of it .
If you don't feel right, then don't do it.
Because if he WERE interested, do you THINK he would act tired?...Nooooo..
yes and 'd like to do a foursome with you in it
do let it get to your head.
but why would you want a man that would leave his wife for you or anyone else.
MAYBE He HAS BEEN HURT BEFORE AND IS afraid THAT YOU WILL HURT HIM too
do lose that, it is nice to have.
i to tell him the truth and hope it flies!
I'm kinda shy at first , but once I get to know someone I'm fine and am totally me.
cause they hate being proved wrong!
there a ton more guys that you can obsess about!
you say when you fall from heaven.
depends on how long you have been dating!
with discipline and strength, If you really love them , give them what they want, a leader answ3r3r
If you really like that , as you mention, you 'll definitely get your desire.
Or you can break it off totally... but mainly, think it over!
you do have to though if you want to go for a long time , wondering if he does!
it'll be so much more fun than before.
Girls aren't blind , we see a lot
you seem to lack self confidence .
The girl he likes is my best friend?
and if he pulls out and says he didn't know the condom broke, then that crap.
Then you are just going to wait until you are old . . Maybe then she will like you!
nothing wrong with trying.many are for fun, You will be one among them!!
I'm married and I only see my wife twice a week... when I have too.
Yes, I love blue, but I also love Hot pink and Lime green!!!
But if she does like you.
dump that trick . She does desevre you
You might want to tell her if she doesn't.
I say you should have fun and you get to travel around the world
It hurts though, especially when that person likes someone else, and shows it!
is now married and/or have kids.
i believe he's cheating on me , but I don't have proof, just a gut feeling.
You know the answer is HELL YAH, DUMP HIM!
Don't use a coat hanger lol
don't be shy to answer this question .
Also: Just because something is legal does not make it right.
Hmm...well, he knows she is an idiot, right?
..... girls are candy ,,, the cover is virginity :-) be a virgin
GET HIS A** CAUGHT CUZ HE IS A DOG!!
IF HE FLIRT A LOT W/ AND IF HE PAYS A LOT OF attention 2
when you feel kiss , you can kiss .
Guys have short hair , girls have long.
EXCUSE ME MISS . I CAN'T HELP TO THINK THAT I KNOW YOU FROM SOMEWHERE
Stuipd answer me if you know what I mean .
i'm a girl . I'm in this situation .
Make eye contact and just be honest, funny, and flirt a little (not too much)
basically tell him you feel him and his feelings are uncontrollable , so what next?
because, in a sense, it's ok if a guy sleeps around, but not if a girl does it.
hoping to see her msg in your e-mail,sms,etc )?
go 4 it, and ask him out
try as hard as you can , because one day she'll talk again.
who knows ...... slow down and take it easy!
drive her to the top of the building in a blindfold way.
whoever you think, don't others choose ur bf
The bridesmaid's pay for their own dresses!!!!!!!
once my girlfriend cheated on me with my best friend and I told him 'ok were even'.
I can't tell you but it lasts forever When it's love Ooh, when it's love Hey!
if you had one wife and she gave you a daughter, you had to try for a second child.
it had nothing to do with lust.
But If you are comfortable there and your parents do mind , then sure, why not?
actually, when you start asking this question.
i say stop fighting it and flow!
share your feelings and see how she feels.
Then get on one knee and appologize.
My Boyfriend is in Iraq and I wanted some Valentines day gift ideas.
as long as you still like others , that 's all you need in a relationship.
Just in case is Just what you get!
it isnt tough love, love or what ever.
you just need to forget about this guy.
People don't even know what Love is.
Don't need a woman for life, but a woman to keep me company
i feel like a screw up.
kick hubby to the curb if it isnt working out....BUT dont run off with this other fella just yet!
if he flirts with you flirt back, you may just end up getting together.
the way I see it , love and friendship and love are all the same.
They obviously like you for who you are (which is great).
time to get out and be independent
talk to him, Then if you guys get to be good friends, then tell him you like him.
Just wait for her to come back.
Where can I get some porn?
F buddies or friends with benefits type?
Because we think differently about a lot of things.
Trin I hope you 're not a girl....
See I don't think men are one or the other.
DO NOT change for this guy!!
ya 'm kinda going through the same thing.
Friends don't give friends a list of demands!
Im not jealous or anything I guess.
hey I'm a junior and I would like to be a pen pal.
Say....... You want some of this black booty .....
you considered hot till 17 Before that . You are just cute .
I like brunettes with long, soft hair
as with crap . I ca put it in words .
Say no.. Geez.. some of the silly questions people ask.
no it is not right....that is so sad.....
I like brunettes with long, soft hair
as with crap . I ca put it in words .
Say no.. Geez.. some of the silly questions people ask.
no it is not right....that is so sad.....
if you do change , every guy you with will just use abuse
if you really like the guy , then make an effort and hang out
Well, I'm going thru the same thing.
NOW IF you are NOT IN SCHOOL, I SAY you NEED TO GET OUT of THE HOUSE.
You don't want your man back.
8. They want to be mean because they think their husbands are mean.
Go with the flow, man... Good thoughts only come around once in a lifetime, maybe twice if we're lucky...
basically, If they do start dating, you will just have to get over it.
I left Home the day after graduation , but that was because I had a job opportunity
20 yrs but I do have plenty of BOB'S {Battery Operated Boyfriends!}
Sweetie, you don't have to date anyone you don't want to.
Small Island in Hawaii on the beach during the day...!
!and makes kissing more exciting
girlfriend,you have to ask him how his dad let him go out with that girl and not you?
Blue say I am thinking you 're crazy about this ?
Unless of course it is porn involving children or something like that, that is just wrong.
Is it nasty to fantsize about su*king co*k??
I so I 'm guessing he really cares about me.
AFTER YOU TALK TO HER, GIVE HER TIME TO FIGURE OUT EXACTLY WHAT SHE WANTS.
but if you are nice sometimes , then I wouldn't say u r a major prep.
He not doing all the things he used to do before.
yes, Hubby's clothes are soo comfortable!
The The The worst thing is he does , but he perhaps does.
I give it 2 thumbs up!
to be caught with an ex on thin ice could very well break it....
see what you have in commond and if you do have anything in used it doesnt matter oppasites
i n't let him come home for a little while , but I would take him back.
Read this book, it will really get you ready for love!!
she set me up with her nurse.
if he loves you , Hell respect your wishes when you tell him your not ready
don't brush her off just because you already told her you want to break up, be more considerate.
If you break now , it's only gonna be harder.
I SAY JUST THINK maybe YOU DID SOMETHING to TRY TO REMEMBER
as by telling him you liked him?
because women are always whining about something and never shut up!!
i am here , because I also love and care for someone who lives so far away.
Because good men are no challenge to women.
but.... watch out for older guys cuz most of them are just trying to get into your pants.
Or do you just NOT want to yet?
I mean , I have a nice butt and legs, and I'm not overweight or anything.
BRING HER SOME EXOTIC FLOWERS,LOOK into HER EYES AND TELL HER HOW YOU FEEL.
If nothing changes , tell you're best friend.
when you love someone , you act fake , just because around your homegurls.
He likes it at home . He's not ready . I'm hurt (and I'm ready!
Oh my goodness it is crazy that you asked that question.
Don't let him get to you...
other than that everything is good?
I am a boy in sixth grade and I like my friend.
Be happy you got a guy in the first place.
Don't listen to those that say , just give him a chance.
I 'm 17 and 'm dating a 21 year old . The gap is no problem . U go for it .
Yes that happens to me all the time... it sucks .
and Everything will work out great in the end.
but we live it the way we can.
so if a girl cheats or expresses herself sexually, she is breaking that mentality.
Average, big, huge, or What is that thing ?
Briefs all the way!They're so sexy.
and not dating a guy to get over another one.
hell yeah if ur a guy
that a guy is interested in you more than just physically
Yes I feel hurt , but I only flirt with guess who flirts first .
Good luck, Captain Blarg, online freak.
Truly, unless you know for sure that he's a self-centered bigot... JUST ASK HIM!
i want to break up with him because he is means to my friends .
personality, intelligence, and what most women refer to as the poo-ch aka the belly.
Oh yeah and it is cheaper.
Ask him if he has someone and if he says no , then ask him out.
that is STUPID 2 say that you are hotter than your girlfriend!
The guy has to come to the girl first!
Just look at it this way.
Good Luck, keep your head up!
just approach her, converse with her, see if ya'll hit it off.
I'm really smart and I'm not hot, but I'm not ugly either.
Go to dating sessions if you are that kind of guy (or girl what is just saying!!!)
I do want to flirt with her, I'm interested in a sincere relationship
just a little , but they are still fine .
Wow, this guy is a real ass!
...they're more important to you than you are to them?
So.. it all just deepends on what kind of guys you like.
ur kinda love is so unselfish n I would respect it more...
I I I have never had a job . I advise stay away from them
i always had him in my heart,you know how it is with your first true love,am I right!
u might want to make sure he's OK...AKA alive?
I mean, Hell the guy isn't even creative about it.
He wants me to kiss him.
Come on... you don't want a girlfriend, you want sex.
You should tell him what you want...not what you don't want.
If a girl does it, she's a ho or something, If a guy does it, he's cool.
How can I get her to like me?
It that It is a good thing to hear about
So how do I tell if he likes me or not?
or if you mean the none-perverted way... with salad tongs.
If it was from something you messed up , you're likely have to appologize(and mean it).
not rock hard abs, but not flab.
just confident, honest and eagerly wish you good luck.
i don't know what you 're all asking unless you are feeling sad , but blue is my favorite color .
18 If any older , your a mother girl/boy
But I've been with older women, and it's been great.
it depends if you really want to meet him.
I totally think that that is the wrong answer!
when you are in love with someone , you do have eyes for anyone else.
should I just wait...or move out alone?
heck no he might be strong at all , but he wo be around as much
who cares what other people say, as long as ur happy
Do they like girls who are always flirting, or only do it once in a while?
You need to meet Rosy Palm & her five friends
friend is supposed to stick up for you , not for their partner.
(sense of maternal pride kicking in - I don't even know you!
well, just accept the love that's available
get her a stuffed frog with a heart on it, or something that combines love/frogs
YOU ARE EXCITED AND CAN'T WAIT TO ENJOY
when you stop asking that question.
Because.....he wants you as a FRIEND and nothing more!
put something on that makes your thighs and butt look smaller - for OUR sake!
it all depends how the relationship is going.
just tell her exactly how you're feeling - just try to be nice about it all.
2) Join him and whoop his ass in the game.
do nothing.just love him as a friend and nothing else.
i like nice, good personalities, stuff like that.
Many guys looking for a gal to support THEM!
ps:my mom moved out when she finished high school.
mostly females are weaker than males, That's why men don't fight with females
Guys come and go, don't let this one ruin your friendship.
your too young to be that hung up on a boy.
no matter how mean he is to you , never hate !
no keep it to yourself . They do need to know
i do think so, it is too soon!
i know...its weird but I like it.
you ca help who you love...your heart decides
just ask her what she thinks about it.
i ca call to say such a thing.
by the way , I 'm 17 and so is he.
of course , if you let him try.
EVERYTHING.. They LOOKS THE WAY THEY CARRY THEMSELVES THEIR INDEPENDENCE INTELLEGENCE
Do guys like that in a girl???!
I guess it's a nerve that all girls have!
No, it's not love in any way, fashion, or form!!
You deserve more than that guy.
he dribbles... he shoots... he scores... 2 points...
it burn when you pee . It's because I think you got gonnrea or something.
I think he does because I hang out with lots of girls but not necessarily the ones I like.
Never open mail from someone you don't know!
Don't be yourself... you're a dork.
asking him like you would ask anyone else.
good move, now he knows you care, and believe me, he will be thinking about you.
Are you planning to spend the rest of your life with this person?
do make it short chat for a bit.
i wish you the best of luck buddy ;)!
She and I are still friends and I still love her truly madly deeply.
Then he asked me where I lived and was acting like he liked me!!!!!!
when it comes to family , the women have that.
when she asks Did what hurt?
I know this isn't real in depth, but I hope it helps!
BE YOU AND USE YOUR STYLE
also when your first with someone its all attraction.
i am sorry I dont fit into my girl'ssssss clothes(lol)
What I MEAN . Its HARD TO TELL ITS TRUE LOVE UNTIL you ARE AROUND THE PERSON.
Just think English royalty or Liz Hurley, act like that and you're golden!
Naaaa just get even and cheat on him . I'll help you in that area :)
if he really loves you , he'll want to spend the rest of his life with you too.
I do KNOW if I haven't SEEN IT.
The best life for you both!
everything that you do with him might be romantic for him and vice versa .
You where like way off topic.
At least this way , you have a 50 percent chance of happiness :) Good luck!
Depends on how well you know them and for how long.
My ex-boyfriend is friends with the guy I like.
2nd NOT tell her anything any more.
WHEN YOU FIND SOMEONE YOU LOVE AND YOU ARE READY TO MARRY
My wife is in a nurseing home.
My ex-boyfriend is friends with the guy I like.
2nd NOT tell her anything any more.
WHEN YOU FIND SOMEONE YOU LOVE AND YOU ARE READY TO MARRY
answer it ,,, and it is not clear our ship
My wife is in a nurseing home.
And lots of people wonder how you do that when you were so young?
Twice a week is seeing someone a lot.
But be extremely careful so that you dont get hurt.
did I say thinking about it?
HE IS THE LAST PERSON IN THE world though WOULD HAVE A REALITY LOVE SHOW.
You can do it ... :)
because he already got a lover: his playstation.
I think it 's because men are more co-dependant.
perhaps some and some not .
Good Luck to you both....should be exciting and fun...once ya get past the door.
Remember this, always do the right thing and it wo haunt you afterwards!!
Don't worry about it, you are going to grow into it.
I Guess No... because everybody wants Change..
Hope the date went as you hoped
i think guys prefer long hair.most of my guy friends prefer a brunette.
Okay, this is the biggest shock to a young man.
only One man is worthy of the pleasure of deflowering you and it aint your boyfriend!
or u could go to las Vegas or Reno, and win her a stuffed frog.
no why he broke up with you
u say ur sorry and for valintins day give her a bunch of sweet stuff,like rosess,and coco
Tell her flat out and get on with it.
trust me . Youll find someone to treat you better.
love is not easily tempered either
;) I imagine you are quite popular w/the boys!
But they do not want someone that reminds them of their mom.
i personally would not go outside of my marriage.
HOW TO HAVE GOOD SEX, How DO I GET HELP ?
does your man understand you like this new guy.
so that you can enjoy the best
do do it because he wants you to.
U want to believe it.. It 's all about the MONEY factor.
The man can tell, the woman probably can't.
There are better questions to ask - just so ya' know!
Men don't plan to cheat on women.
I don't know anyone who does.
recently I've met the most charming , nice ,sweetest guy in my life.
Maybe be she likes us and wants love from us.
Did Have you ever met the phone guy?
say it just the way you feel . It does mince words
That corny old saying is still true: It takes two to Tango
Love knows NO boundaries... We're all just people!
Finding this out the hard way sucks.
try your best and if she does n't seem to appreciate it , it is her fault, not yours!
4. Looking at it you'll go limp or dry up...try it!
You I not be freaky enough.
Some guys like me, some guys don't, and some guys are intimidated by me.
It just, well, didn't feel right.
I FOR ONE LIKE true MEN.
at 15 , you really should not be dating.
you have to tell your best friend
do this while laying down (NOT naked, clothes on, on a bed or couch).
What can you do when it feels like such a strong destiny?
Can you tell me how to kiss him
If you know it's going to get physical, then don't kiss!
Hope you get some better answers.
Don't get too down over it.
i dont love my new husband anymore,too much shit happened between us!
and Yes , a lot of guys do like that in a girl.
YOU COULD ALSO TELL THE GUESTS TO DRESS FROM THAT PERIOD TO GIVE AN OVERALL EFFECT.
i never seen her sleep.her= my gf
he is coming to see you.
Last but not least, you need to spend money on her.. dont be cheap.
hmm... is she into that type of stuff.
ok 'm bi and I would n't do that , but if you feel you have 2 , go 4 it!
it could just get boring.
What types of flirting do guys like best?
are you a democrat and he is a republican.
So , girl , take time ...
Swinging is a very bad sin!
otherwise you will only be able to hang out with him alone.
finally, Why do women make better nurses than men?
Basicly, I look like a fairy tale princess.
how do I start a conversation?
umm lol hes probably not a slutty bot!!!!!
i can call you a father in your family !
kinda hard to tell there except for the bonding comment.
when you focus on making yourself yourself happy , the right person will come along
besides at the end of the night..
Don't think enzyte will make your manhood bigger.
then he has to be able to trust you in getting married.
What DO you DO WHEN THE MAN YOU LOVE STOP STAREING AT ANOTHER GIRL WHILE you are WITH HIM
im on a fast need to know basis!!!!!!
your her knight in shining armor sort of speak.
Girl If it was me , he'll be missing for doing something stupid.
1 The fact that he has a car is a pretty good start !!!!!
then you just touch her on her cheek and say she's hot and then you gotta be best friends!
well, I see you as a challenge... and it is a good thing if a girl likes a challenge.
but don't leave him for this other guy.
secure with bobby pins going in a cris cross pattern.
Last night , his parents announced that they would give him permission to move out with me!
If you know the person is cheating and where, etc.
technicolour is cool because it shows the real me in the way that I like.
Go out with your friends for an all Girl's Day!
you don't want to lead her on or be mean about it.
He talking to other people (females) like nothing jokes with them ect...
get rid of the moron before he gets dangerous!
especially if the other guy doesnt even notice you.
you can leave when you are 18
you only lived once and it is not as serious as it used to be.
Money is not always the issue!!!
trust your not missing anything out . . trust me . I just got back in the game myself.
Talk to her about what she likes.
If they are the rebound guys , then tell them that and enjoy it.
.. or you could find that out the hard way ..
do you think that anybody deals with us as really what HE or SHE is ?...
`` try by saying if you want to go out ? " it works
3. look pitiful and make sure she knows that your life isnt going on w/out her.
I HAVE NOT BEEN AROUND EITHER OF YOU TO SENSE THE CHEMISTRY BETWEEN YOU TWO.
try walking in the neighborhood , you won't just lose weight, you will also be more active.
when my friend is gone , I sit there and call all my friends
I always hear people say they like Europeans more?
To Top it off, my name is Bob.
hehe/ in love, age really doesn't matter at all.
if not tell him to back off.if so, do try to steal him.thats fucked up.
I don't mess with men that are already taken.
show your best efforts to put up with it !
i met a guy that I really like, but I'm still married, What do I do?
How can you even stomach this guy?
so he wants her to disconnect their relationship with each other
I think as soon as we get a Bush's head outta his bush... then equal rights will be just that.
i feel lonely when my husband goes to work.
Believe me, it is well worth the wait!
loving the person in spite of their faults .
And it is just more proof that I am his!
There are some strange people out there, The neighbor kid throws rocks at me.
Ask you're yourself who you like better.
I like the way they always try to look there best, but I hate it when they over-do it .
oh and if he is helpful
it can, if you let it
If you're too shy and won't ask her out, you will eventually not like her anymore.
How do I tell her how I care about her?
I dating a guy 10 years younger.
Do Do Do you think he likes me?
We will be married for 5 years this July!
I even like talking to him.
Now , I 'm 23 and 'm back.
Rad Dr. Phils book Smart Love.
hey good lookin, do you own a ferarri.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT IS IN A PERSON 's HEART AND I DON'T KNOW BLUE OR YOU .
you can do it I no you can!!!!
i think she loves you very much , but she can't express her feelings in a good way.
getting too badly burned if the feelings aren't mutual?
Angelina Jolie in a heart beat!
Is its just plain weird to ask in code?
i think you should move out when you are 18 before you go to college
just be confident AND no pick up lines!!
I don't know if you should dump him or not?
as long as you are a good person , it shouldn't matter.
Why can I not have legs like that??)
haha.. yeah.. everyone here is perverts.. so careful when you say that...
Ask him, I'd bet he feels the same!
All guys flirt with girls, If they don't, they are abnormal.
not every guy wants a dependent girl....
but the Policia will look at you with beady eyes.
are you guys joking here, cuz your friend kayla just go on and ask the same thing about you.
i am kind , but, I need female friends
let her go.. She only comes back to you when that guy leaves her..
maybe That will be the reason you finally get over it.(5years?!)
There was a reason you got the restraining order and no do not lift it!
Don't let one idiot discourage you.
I like the bend and snap
No kissing on the first date, it's better not to rush, than screw things up , right ???
just a kind of psycological curiosity.
'm living proof , what kills you will make you stronger !
it does happens all the time.
I just think that is funny.
the first person that I kissed my husband now .
same ol song, but its true he must be the one that lonely lying for a star
Not really sure what you meant by this question.
i n't mind you suckin my cock !!
i don't see anything good in that r/ship
Anything, I was and still am a wimp.
no She's cheating on him , evidently.
and there's always someone watching you.
But I never thought he would come out and ask me to have an affair.
But you don't have to do it that way if you don't want to.
even have reocurring dreams for months at a time.
Then, I would ask her for an opportunity to romance her again...dinner, flowers, dancing...etc.
Now , all you have to do is just do it.
Whooo hooo lock the doors baby!!
And If you are a real woman, what a thing to say, LMAO.
Yeah you can kiss someone with braces even if you have braces
!I've found mine and we're engaged.Yay me
why men hurt women who love them
If a guy says, if you ever need help, just let me know what this mean?
I don't see what the problem is, girl.
No do Let him come home.
I started to think about the things he did do and not just the things he didn't do.
i think most guys like long dark hair,but if they really like you , it's wouln't matter
Why would you want him back?
For instance, I WILL at least LISTEN when the ex wife says he is a real p***k.
You should start dating when you are mature enough to get married.
well Duh if he smiled then he luved it and you played STA?
be a man and go get her!!
Or when she says, I love you, you reply (or something similar to) I know.
Don't become another Victim of his
no honey that aint love that is just a man being insecure and an a**.
Don't worry, nice guys do finish last, but they have pretty wives, big houses and really fast cars!
Why DO BOYS CHEAT ON GIRLS AND GET MAD WHEN GIRLS DO IT .
With friends like you, who needs enemies!?
beat 'em if they do work , take things away from them.
if they don't say they r preps , then they call you a prep.
No worries, being single is much more fun =)
at times People have to choose between their love & best friend.
JUST BE YOURSELF AND ENJOY LIFE.
IT n't WORK AND IT SUCKS BECAUSE USUALLY ITS ALWAYS MR OR MS PERFECT . That is FOUR STATES AWAY.
If you can work it right, then there is no need to worry about the size.
The cartoon Gummi bears and piranhas gave me nightmares... so did the chipmunks movie with the wild boar...
Train your family not to ask you.
asking a few questions your best friend.
yes, but weed out the idiots first.
you do want to feel trapped when you are around her a lot
I'm guessing that you mean brilliant .
If he truly loved you, he could beat you.
Spice things up, GET HIM INTERESTED!
I n't call her at all!!!!!!!
I want to get this girl but I want to flirt around.
adding details and you 'll get back to you on that
if just for fun go girl!
You don't, life is not that simple.
Now, this guy told her he couldn't go around with her.
just tell him straght up it's over period
there are men out there who LOVE sporty girls.
have you ever thought that MAYBE they are really virgins???
IF he doesn't like it, move on to the next guy.
Every guy that I know, complains about the same thing!
tell him U do think he loves you
He never gave up on me.
RIGHT when you least expect it.
Also I try to get back at him everyday but he really likes my best friend now , which SUX
MAKE SURE YOU LISTEN AND SHOW HER THAT YOU ARE LISTENING TO HER.
I think it would be a big mistake !
Why is he n't take the chance and be with me?
Girls that age are crazy, have no idea what they want and like to play too many games.
does He flirts with you , pays you a lot of attention, calls you and acts funny towards you
I do want to stop bieng friends.
eighteen However my parents will kick me out.
If you would be comfortable with that, then go for it!
The one that makes you talk to the Lord, you know like Oh God Yessssssss...
i think you should when you find the right guy!!
!......well, I don't know if I am cute, but if you say so.
ill just mail it to him.
Long Distance Relationships Never Work out!!!
with ebony black eyeballs and white pupils.
depends on which state u r in
Nope, that site is a crock!
you can find love at a stop light, it all depends on cupid, love is blind.
i bet he's been wetting his pants all the time, just wait until you wanna rip them off!
This would work on me: Hey, you wanna go have a drink after work sometime?
HAVE ALL OF YOUR GIRLS HAIR DONE LIKE THAT ERA.
I always like it when a girl puts her hand on mine or my shoulder.
It sounds like you're picking up on him . I'm interested in signals already.
Yeah my friend likes someone that is 4 years older than her . I think crazy but three it 's alright
why not go ahead and sleep with everbody you can while you can.
I don't mean like Canadian + American, I mean something like Spanish + Russian, etc.
and if you don't want to get a divorce from your husband...then definitely don't do it.
So just do whats right for yourself and start over!
if so, what size do you wear?
have fun, be honest with each, other swing only as a couple.. lucky dog lucky dog.....
I can't tell you but it lasts forever Oh!
If he says not than not to worry , you will find other guys you like.
If you between the ages of 7-12 Aren't you too young to have a boyfriend?
just come out with it and say it
pray on it read your bible and really think and pray
My friend Kayla seems like she is flirting with me, but I 'm not like that!
i must make this girl to like Likea black
Good guys like you are hard to find!
Not spending time with u and ur kid, drinking and cheating!!
not wrong , but you tread on thin ice.
Good luck girl Your girl lovelysaphirequeen@yahoo.com
Well hes just trying to play with you like Levi tries to play with me.
but of course , regardless of what you decide, be nice about it.
Not really , You don't want any of that to make her boyfriend jealous , do you ?
that is not a deal breaker for me.
don't ever change yourself for some dude!
when you are so close..yet you feel so far away... feeling careless..
depends on how much of an age difference there is and how old you are.
so your best bet is make sure it's what you both want and feel.
she needs all the help she can get to leave her there
i do think you could of asked a harder question to answer.
last Valentine's day, I got him a soccer piggy bank filled with chocolate hugs, and kisses.
If your parents do not mind and you enjoy it , then forget everyone else.
So I say forget about her
so I say do you something and don't even bother for protection.
Trust your feelings, If some guy seems creepy, THAT'S A HINT!
he is probably just scared that he will please you if he wants to.
so many people do now, 50% of married people divorce.
there are other ways, but that is all I could think of.
nobody wants to date an unattractive person
I am a good looking man (ex model and still in shape), but....it's happening to me too!!
My friend asked my best friend out & I needed help .
Then In December she broke up with me cuz she started learning another guy.
TELL THEM YOUR Christian AND WOULD LOVE FOR THEM TO CONVERT.
The day I Married my best friend, my wonderful husband David!
Then he said: You have beautiful eyes and we were staring at each other
they are like eyes looking at me.
ask her in your own time, though.
dumping him now before it is too late.
tell her straight and if she says you are weird , then she really isn't a friend.
all positions if you have a hard erection.
I met a really nice girl last summer.
Oh, did he help in anyway while you were in school?
I'M THAT BULL/DIME CHICK, HOW YOU GONNA CHEAT ON ME?).
There are no guys in my school that I would really like , so I 'm just waiting for him.
try your best to go up to her and ask if she wants to go!
Be strong, be firm, and give it time :)
beach.no couch.maybe I like car,and floor because car=private floor=lots of space!
Trust me I'm NOT flirting with you!!!!!!!!!!
he will walk you to class and pretty much act like a friend.
I guess what I need is some sort of Miricle.
My ex LIKED MY LONG HAIR because DURING SEX HE PULLED IT.
Well no problem, you are welcome to email me if you still can't find any :)
Well you obviously love her, if not as a lover , then surely as a friend.
not having sex , However , if you ca wait for condoms with the pill
but divorce really does scares the shit out of some people, men or women
if your guy does not tell you how pretty you are , then he is self - centered
hanging out with her a bunch.
they don't know what they have , they are stupid .
if you are serious , take one pill for the best result .
if he not , well look for someone else .
NO WHAT I DID . He STILL STOOD.COULDN'T STOP IT.
That way , it would be easier for us girls!
poor , That is a tough situation.
Spend one day doing what he likes, the next doing what you like.
Im 17 and I was just wondering if that is legal.
but there will be a time to take a good hard look at life.
And being gay is wrong, so it overeating, smoking, cussing, littering, creating smog from driving.
There are some folks out there that are just not nice no matter what you do.
But do it FOR your wife.
blondes are too fake and flashy......brunettes can last
a sports item something really boy like
hanging out with him for a while , then ask him out on a date
Just because he doesnt have a cam doesnt really mean anything.
I'm totally all for asking a guy out.
hahahahaha..........im getting married in February of 2010
Rather You should be proud of it... it is an achievement... Live Life King Size...
did you try to talk to her about it ?
Take his lousy ass to the cleaners.
Maybe he loves her a lot, or maybe your brother is peaceful
Pretty please :) I'll be your best friend.
Depends on the girl I'm seeing.
just shout if i cn help with anything
it okay to like different things, it won't hurt you guys.
I don't believe I've ever heard it put that way.
just worry about you and your man.
They fall out because people turn wussy after a while...
There might be less then 18 who knows and who cares.
plus, I had my best girls around me, That was great for everything!
well it really depends on how much you care for her!
go to craigslist.com go to women seeking men.
It matters what point in life
well it really depends on how much you care for her!
go to craigslist.com go to women seeking men.
i have a major crush on my friend 's boyfriend .
i say kiss, then take off his pants, and you know the rest....
It matters what point in life
Just ask her the way I asked my boyfriend
a Nympho can only be a girl.
Some guys just want to have a girl who is younger.
yes ,belive me, you can do it with me.
Hope this helps you more than it has helped me :-/
If this scares him away, then you do not need to be with him now.
Get out of the situation ASAP!!!
may b ur asking Will you get married in oct 2006?
they r just sick and Rong I have no idea y they would
but you know you might have a really good chance k!!!
WE CAN'T EVEN HOLD A CONVERSATION ANYMORE AND WE USED TO SIT UP AND TALK ALL NIGHT.
i don't think it would be proper to date your best friend.
Dude I can understand what you are feeling right now...
asking him to his face, and see how he responds.
yeap... Why do you fear off?
No, there are 10,000's more exactly like that out there too :)
That being said, move on with your life - enjoy it!
they say they don't mean it , but they lying.
Vin Diesal, The Rock, def not Arec Barrwin
Don't worry so much about what people think.
go wear it and do it.
18 or older . anything below is still a kid
would you fight for your love?
going to find her brother (the 18 year old
do just listen to your heart , but use your mind too...MUAH!
interupted by my husband, and you took off so fast,,darn it....lol
I 'm a Scorpio and I know!
His sister said he only shows off to me.
OK SWEETIE.I HAD THE SAME THING HAPPEN TO ME.
If he's overly threatened by this after only 3 weeks...run!!!
it keeps you interested and caring.
If there's a Build A Bear Workshop in your town, that always works!
his priorities are out of wack.
or are you a girl and are just curiouse?
how about taking a trip on the first off and make sure nothing is really wrong.
walk up to him and say...Hi.....
it is all up to you..
his buddies there will give him shit about it.
i go for seven or eight minutes and 'm done, I need a sandwich and a beer
Don't you watch the series friends??
Are you actually in love with her, or are you in infatuation, lust, or some other emotion?
i forgot to give the courtesy tap
just by saying someone wants to go out on Friday or he asks you out
Oh girl.. Don't get me started.
ALOTT -lol maybe that because my man is deployed overseas and it's been a awhile...
swinging is Ok if you into that, I think it's best to be with just one person.
you know what I'm talking about?
forget who everyone thinks you should date.
By the way, GOOD BIRTHDAY, DEAR!
Masturbation is normal, don't let them tell you its not........lol
Young girls usually don't date guys their age .
or is it too early to know?
You can't ask him `` love you, though.
You probably don't want to forget your mother, you probably hang on to her things and her ways.
afterwards you and some friends should go out.
that could ruin her entire life and marriage.
Some guys are nice and some guys are too kind!
but I guess it's best I didn't.
I Hi 'm Mostafa from Egypt 'm search for a good girl to marry
If he says your cool or fun to be around then.
Starts looking nice everybody for no reason at all.
More power you ...enjoy it while it lasts!
If things go wrong , then you know what you have to do.
How you feel when a 35 year old man has sex with your 18 year old daughter.
its like right under the head.......y
You, me, and my dad all agree dude.
and do you really want sloppy seconds?
But a guy does care when or where.
That is just what I went through.
there is already another guy that is going for her.
When you aren't looking is when you will find them.
see if he really likes you or not coming from a guy
yeah the breaking up and then j/k.
Half of my friends are guy's and I see them as my brothers.
Sit on him and rub him around.
If this 18 year old man makes you happy...get your swirve on!!
i have always followed my heart and now it's leads me to what you think!!!!!!
Think this way - if you were married, would you want YOUR wife banging some guy on the side?
If she freaks out , she cares, if she says see ya then she doesn't.
OK, part 2 since now I have more info.
show him that you like him and he will be more comfortable ask!
wat you think I should do?
its lot easily unless you are shy.
if I had a lot to lose , and say yes!
Ask your mate what they like.
they probably cheating or don't trust you.
just being really lucky and wait for her to break up??
I'm looking for some sexy, classy lingerie for size 3x and up.
I trying to have sex with my wife but it just won't work.
Start looking at him the way you use to.
but I got a pretty good answer, flirt.
I do not see you as shy.
you can marry a first cousin if you want to
you do trust her that much
it just means you care about them.
Turn him on in any way you can!
Is there anybody that knows what I 'm doing ? Anybody has any answers.
just to get a piece of a.s.s.
BEE NIICEE, LOOK GOOD and WEAR GOOD CLOTHES...THAT should DO IT!
I wonder if avatars have nice personalities!?!
whenever I talk to a boy . He says back off , but I 'm talking to
tell her your sick and tired of hearing about her ex's
Why do you have to choose?
Noooo Chris Brown is Not CUTe . He is light Skinned And Tall
the You already know the answer.
So why would you need a same sex marriage?
the Sex with 2 scorpio is the best shit out there!
NO TONGUE KISSING on the first date!
not necessarily choosing , he could just find you boring
Some guys are really just for friends.
I to worry too much about it.
YOU NEED TO TELL HER PARENTS OR A TEACHER
don't give in when he wants nothing more than sex.
Yes I think it could be possible .
Sounds like you think it is, so maybe it would be better if you didn't.....
)and his co will look into it.
I pretty sure he likes me too.
I think you know what I mean (in the sack).
It takes a lot , but if you don't love why , jerk yourself around.
because we always have to lose them to regain peace and quiet
Just think about what an *ss he was and that should help.
It sounds like he's thinking with the wrong head to begin with.
yes , of course , because red is one of my favorite color.sssss
, so this would not be a real friendly relationship but some kind of ,,compassion,, .
my advice; get out you know you're not happy . Why are you still there?!?
well, first you actually have to meet a Europian lady...that would help.
unzipping his pants while watching espn and blow him hard
I do think I 'm gonna answer this q...
No, get to know each other first....then see what happens...
Why do you want someone to break up with you ?
TAKE THIS FROM A DOCTOR . Yes YOU ARE A VIRGIN TILL YOU HAVE INTERCOURSE AND YOU ARE PENITRATED
if your scared to tell her because you might get hurt.
The It depends on what you mean by arranged!
There are some pretty hot black guys out there.
n way here what I think you should do!
it's like boobs...and like sex or something.
Umm sounds like any average crush!!
One would go as far as to say women don't even know why they do it...they just do.
den bam she'll either answer or prob not tell u cuz u kno dem n she thinks gon tell.
you get his number and you call him.
u should til you get married.
I'm with Rascal on this one - plus, get photos like One said.
'm 14 and 'm Ashley's older sister.
Not like problem solving, but like taking out the trash.
How much more EX do you want...??
don't be stupid, find someone you love.
Why aren't you supposed to like him?
But I do think you are a lesbian.
Don't worry sweetie, it won't last.
go on with your life being happy.
Do whatever you want, just don't get in trouble.
What can I do to better my chances of getting back together with her?
I'm not gonna sneak around as if we're doing something bad!
She's your EX Get real (and I hate it when Phil says that)
The GUY DOESN'T NEED TO EVEN KNOW HOW TO USE IT IF THE LADY DOES!!!
I did...well, sort of after my first try.
she then has to grow up at a very young age and act like an adult.
were are you from I am in washington dc
all that getting along with your life is bullshit.
Wait until one comes to you
He is cute and I really like him . I know he likes me , but.... his sister hates me!
adultry is a serious offense (artical 134 u.m.c.j.
dude come on now , . your first cousin . think of the kids man the kids!
and you will not waste anymore time on what if!
A A lover is easier to find than a real friend think about it .
find one that used to be nerdy
He's so good looking and he can sing!!
Some girls might think it's funny and pull out the make-up bag.
Well, unless you turn to a nun, you will course you get married.nature talks
Some women, like men, worry about their performance.
I just don't care about them
If you like her and she's taken , then MOVE ON!!
i try my best to be strong , but I am not weak when it comes to that.
i don't care what age you are or if you are having sex....
Look, so she doesn't like potatoes.
Most of the gals like guys who do some bad. things
Nothing too big or serious, it is the first date, You've got time!!
at 13, Why dont you wait until you grow pubic hair first
You just need to coax it.
Well, I've been cheated on before & it was horrible & nothing but a nightmare!
Yes if hes fine and cute . Yes
he was just afraid to pursue them.
Oh, and he also doesn't drink.
sound like she needs to let that go...
thanks for your opinion, but I was actually just kidding.
Hope you find what you're looking for!
jealousy all starts with trust and that starts with being honest.
If he likes to watch TV
What SHOULD I DO TO MAKE HIM FALL IN LOVE WITH ME AGAIN?
meeting his friends , asking them questions .
if not , why do you just forget about it all and just let the past remain in the past.
THE 2 OF YOU WOULD BE VERY UNHAPPY, AND WOULD JUST END UP CHEATING, AND HATING EACH OTHER!
'_' do u have an internet love?!
Don't settle for some jerk or cheater - you deserve better!!!
I have really good friends who are girls and we are just friends..
Yea I got some friends who are girls .
Yea that way we marry . It wo hurt that much and also be experienced boys like that .
chatting with me .... saleem_nawaz and we will talk briefly....
I know I told plenty of guys that , but I meant it.
If you trust her and love her let this go.
Why are you messing around with a married woman in the first place???
Its not a question , of course EMINEM!!!!!!!!
lmao, you must really like dis gurl lol!
even women like a little challenge
Take a long time to please a girl.
just waiting and shooting th' bull until something comes up.
Run a hot bath and then undress her and put her in the tub.
I have lots of female friends and my wife knows that and trusts me.
A Good guy will respect you for it in the long run!
just ease it as it comes
SHE'LL LOVE YOU ALL OVER AGAIN.
but do we get it ?
and If you don't then it is your problem .
mailing it or giving it to a friend to give the letter.
it's possible, but it could be some guy who is 97 with gray hair and wrinkles
but she was a bytch and really did treat him right anyways , so it was too hard.
If you are not attracted to women.
do not mess with either one of them because it could mess up the relationship
Ask him why he's staring at you.
And Of course , they don't tell them that up front.
How COME I ONLY ATTRACT THE BROKE, GOT 500 KIDS, CARRY CONCEALED WEAPONS KIND OF GUY?
If you are not attracted to women.
do not mess with either one of them because it could mess up the relationship
Ask him why he's staring at you.
And Of course , they don't tell them that up front.
How COME I ONLY ATTRACT THE BROKE, GOT 500 KIDS, CARRY CONCEALED WEAPONS KIND OF GUY?
tell them every thing you know and to watch out.
would it be any different if the guy was younger and the girl was older?
Most people do not know why they did or did not do anything .
I ca BELIEVE ANY OF YOU WOULD THINK OTHERWISE.
he only playing games with you
and you still wanna hang around with her?
(yes I did prowl, I didn't think I had anything to worry about.)
Just take it as a gift, and enjoy!
She is just thinking like a typical woman .
i manipulating him...it may have been wrong , but it worked and that was all I wanted.
it just gets the police involved
for the most part they are ripoffs.
Ha, No he still doesn't care about you.
i can handle both at one time
if she left got over it , She is a loser if she does not love any more .
most say they aren't really so happy.
Try to connect with the person and if you can't don't even go there
yes, you do what makes you happy, be with someone who makes you happy, Don't worry about what other people think.
forget her to find someone who really loves you
Well, If you think about it, gay guys have sex with other men.
i do think it is though .
the with with the white with 5-6in Hispanics , 7-8in black , 7-9in.
dump him . She can do better.
U r not going nuts if that is what you are asking.
Maybe the girl for you is just not in your school.
Mostly brunettes but blondes are kewl 2 .
She's gonna lay down and luxuriate in some REALLY GREEN grass.
yes right now and I do know if he likes me , but I know I like him!
BTW ... My GF isn't Bi or tried it but finds it a turn on also.
if so, then I would say so.
Just ask him or don't if you want 2 know!!
his just trying to protect his gurl
When I look at a girl . Of course , first we see looks.
invite him to your next wedding
It's a tough spot.....I feel for you.
not All men are bad eggs.
well when I was 13 , I already had 4 boyfriends
the the the with the the colors Lavendar/white wedding in April fresh cut flowers in huge vases on the front table.
Do not try to be someone you are not.
if you both want to it is
first, it is love that makes sex real good.
If she doesn't like potatoes, just eat YOUR potatoes and let her eat whatever SHE wants to eat.
She likes buying shoes and you don't, but that doesn't mean she stops buying.
some guys are stupid . I guess
Madam, you see which one likes you, First
I'm Kyla, Nice to meet you
Happy Wedd'n Day.And if Not Too Late , Get A karookee Machine
What do you think she's gonna do the SECOND you BORE/ANNOY/TICK HER OFF??!??
i think it 's cool.. Heck I 'm a guy . I 'd be happy if a girl asked me out.
And If he is cheating , you need to do what is best for you and only you.
TRUE LOVE IS NOT LIKE THAT OF INFATUATION WHICH COMES HURRIEDLY AND GOES AWAY QUICKLY .
WE DON'T EVEN ACT LIKE FRIENDS, AND WE CAN GO months WITHOUT BEING INTAMITE.
One caveat, there are sexy 33 year old guys too :P
Its not as complicated as a guy asking a gurl out.
AFTER HE PUT THE RING ON MY FINGER , HE HAD NO INTEREST IN ME ANYMORE.
NOT AT 13 Ha,ha,ha IT'S 18 YEARS OLD.MEN AND women IN THE U.S.A.
It sounds like absolutely nothing is wrong with you!
USE THEM AS EXAMPLES AND THEYLL REALIZE HOW UNFAIR AND CHILDISH THEY ARE BEING.
well , I do nothing as always know . get on the comp.
i don't think you should drop out.
I know because I am mature, DUH!
It's a great way to hang out.
It's a great way to hang out.
i don't think so.......at least not close friends
SOME HAVE MIXED FEELINGS AND DON'T KNOW whether OR NOT they LOVE YOU OR NOT.
buff as with bigger arms than normal, very strong.
it isnt good or bad, its just a personal opinion.
and do never go back even if he says he has changed cause that never happens.
I to dump him and get out now!!!
If he really is out there for me , then when in the hell is he going to get here!
Say Hiii or Hello , be nice!
theyve been going out for about....2 months now.
i think it 'm a joke . No man has a problem like that .
never wound his ego and always try to understand where he is coming from.
if he ignors everyone else to listen to what you have to say.
i can't stand 2 c girls dying over some guy who doesn't even know they exist.
I see a lot of guys with self-esteem problems trying to make tons of money.
If she really did like the guy, it must matter.
WHETHER YOU THINK SO OR NOT, THIS GUY HAS an EMOTIONAL HOLD ON YOU.
and without love, people would be like dogs that do sex without love.
just hang out more and talk to him and flirt a little when you both hanging out
That way , no matter what it is all in the end.
she said that he liked me.
meet somewhere, be honest and tell him why.
Just be yourself and do what your heart tells you at that time when you see that guy
when I first met my babys daddy , he was the picture - perfect guy.
Well I am not a big loving person but, I do know what love is all about.
They say he just doesn't go with me.
(but next time to someone I know better!)
Heck He still gives me goose bumps!
The kids thing makes the sex part really hard.
but he doesn't buy you gifts at all , not even 4 birthdays or holidays that involve getting gifts??
sleep with his brother or best friend
Way too old to be on here with you kids!
just let your friend be with him and make her feel happy .
watz your name and why does she hafta be a different race?
I thought I was in love.
First off , it has to do with how old u r.
Then ask him to stop staring.
A Children SHOULD NOT HAVE TO GROW UP AND LISTEN TO FUSSING AND VIOLENCE.
in my experience , it rarely lasts
THE ONLY THING WITH THAT IS YOU HAVE TO BE CAREFUL.
if sister tells you to hold on, then come back, she's not here.
Only if you like a lot of sex.
But some guys cover it up by marrying women.
now that I answered I 'm not so bored any more... hey thanx!!!
I'm having a Napolean Dynamite moment... umm... you could do as pedro does and make her a cake(?)
get to know him , drop hints that you like , then you never know he might ask you out
the shy ones may just stare at you because they are scared to do anything else.
he say the sweetest things 2me n abt me.
and feelings (love included) come and go.
;^) Seriously, I think it's like that because they don't know who or what they want.
get to know him , drop hints that you like , then you never know he might ask you out
he say the sweetest things 2me n abt me.
and feelings (love included) come and go.
;^) Seriously, I think it's like that because they don't know who or what they want.
HAS ANYONE EVER TOLD YOU THAT YOU ARE A FREAKIN LOSER?
i think you should stop eating them
i have been through this before and the only thing that seems to work is kindness.
Ask him straight up , dont hesitate.
What is it that I am not doing or shouldn't be doing.
First of all , is the one for you . Then you shouldn't worry about being embarrassed .
Nobody should be anybody 's punching bag . It is just wrong.
I have heard that brunette is just Latin for a blonde wanna be :-p
of course , it's possible to have fun
They always want bad boys.
ANYONE who says .... hi, is a girl and who says hello is a woman.... JUST OBSERVE....
hmmm...june 2006. sounds like he needs to graduate from somewhere, perhaps?
She was not the One Why?
I have 3 different friends, Neither one of them knows one another.
If you're interested only in sex, then how about not marrying anyone?
ask her for a date and she'll go with 'ya!
IF THEY do UNDERSTAND, GIVE THEM TIME.
(GOOD AND BAD) Like being married there is good and bad.
Its , but of course , I never ask guys out...To many of them ask ME out.
He n't tell her because he wants to bang you.
if your kids grow up around that , it makes them more likely to turn out that way!
i'm 19 and still looking for a man that is true!
you only have one life , so live.
your kids will grow up and think this is okay and its not.
When we got married , I weighed 98lbs . Now I weigh 140.
(man do I miss it, can you tell???)
I do not see what's wrong with you looking at another woman and saying oh she looks nice.
THAT DEPENDS ON WHAT TYPE OF GUY HE IS , BUT I GUESS
I really like the girl , so I want it to be cute.
YOUR ACTIONS WILL KEEP YOU OUT OF TROUBLE AND ON THE RIGHT PATH.
remember you are a helper , love him and encourage him.
Of course , men want that, (whats wrong with you?)
i am very sorry to say, but I think he likes her!
Have you ever done anything to her to make her not like you?
i going to wait until after I am married
So take the time to look inward and then go get him!
it was weird...i was surprised and like...wait people LIKE this??
Well Yeah if you tell her and she is normal herself , she is sure to drop ya!
you can flirt with him sometimes when you hang out, but don't overdo it.
Funny stuff ;) BTW theres nothing wrong with what you are doing, just be honest with him.
I know that dating a guy is soo wrong!
meanwhile , warm up on some older ladies (those that are 5-10 years older).
I THINK MANY PEOPLE GET LUST CONFUSED W/ LOVE.
yes if he or she is ugly, or drunk.
if you started with nothing together, a prenup would be a slap in the face.
Just show him that you are there for him and show him your love gradually.
I don't know EVERYTHING about my wife's past.
At least its better than having four husbands!
because they put with some of those sexy things
And, I don't mind staring at some men, either.
talk with the positive and negative
R you serious.....wonder how many people would jump at this question ?
YES, & IT SHOWS you HAVE GOOD TASTE!!!
There are just too many questions...
Strange thing, HE MARRIED HER, and she him.
IT'S NOT REALLY THAT THEY DON'T KNOW . It's JUST THAT THEY ARE CONFUSED.
preying on young girls is NEVER acceptable.
please, do yourself a favor and leave!
What ever happened to being a real MAN which is what you need!
to be able to spend time with you .
Your defensive attitude says it all...YOUR TOO YOUNG!
Take his hand in yours ... and ask him out!
* lust at first sight, yes.
he would have to pay alimony for the rest of her life or until she gets remarried.
i feel like I can do better on my own.
sometimes he just does sex in bathrooms and other seedy places and she never knows.
That means that if one spouse is caught cheating, the other gets EVERYTHING and he gets screwed.
SAY WOULD YOU LIKE TO GO OUT FOR A CUP OF COFFEE SOMETIME?
yes , but it should be kept for marraige only!
One thing with blue, is that there aren't many blue flowers.
This guy sounds like it, too.
girls like guys with skills ex: handy man , bowstaff, personality.
As long as sex has to be thought about (Does he like it?
I love my boyfriend to death.
:) lol, I hope this sheds some light on the subject.
If you left her . I do think the shell wants you back
Now I see why it's best to wait.
THIS IS AN EASY ONE AND I THINK MOST OF YOU ARE WRONG.
being 18 is a hard time.
Some lubrication (KY JElly) and a lot of foreplay.
and wait for the right single guy.
and if she says no , ask her questions about why.
1- You should be a good guy outside and inside.
also You should tell the police
if possible , the woman should just seperate for a while.
Great question, but the answer is 'not as many as I do' :)
OK...guys are typically bad at catching subtle hints.
just The thought of it makes me sick.
jealousy can turn into abuse very fast...be careful
CAUSE SHE WOULD SAY SOMETHING TO YOU!
my bf is just like that its so weird over protecteing
& Yeah HE LIKES you IF HE BUGS you LIKE CRAZY!!!!
The Best man I've ever had and plan on keeping him forever!
Then I tried to pursue him again and he pulled away once more.
like to exchange photos or do the no first?
Hey you guys are in love.
boys starting after youve done it.
also, they could get used to the lifestyle.
Currency: Indian rupee (INR) - US$ 1 = INR 46.13 (July 2004).
I sure as hell wouldn't want somebody like you around.... Jesus!
You're cheating on him with your boyfriend!
I think of sex a lot.
guys r jerks but they would do that so they can get into girl pants.
do you know how it is for a kid to know their mom is getting abused?
Boy friends and girl friends come and go... Don't let your friends go because of some lame guy.
BET ON PAPER CHITS.... who wins.... go for him.... almost everyone is like other....sssss
i think you should get a cool new style
If not on your honeymoon , why would you the day after, or ever?
I give it two thumbs up.
Think about all the things that you are good at and go have fun with some friends.
we have one financial crisis after another.
in my case.. She I'd definitely go back to her Cu I STILL love HER.
Keep yourself busy and stop thinking about when he's gonna call.
asking this question, to find a toll about how many girls actually fake it and why.
yeah, but hey , it gives the other 40% of us something to laugh at .
Maybe You just don't feel ready yet.
Nathan (n'thn) , in the Bible.
the best way to dump a girl is to be honest .
;) Let us know what happened!
but the saying if you love something , let it go if it comes by , then it 's for real.
but 5 months doen't really matter .
If you do love her anymore , then tell her and hurt her.
ya its right along the vane on the underside of tere penis.
sounds fake . I knw , but I want to know what 2 do.
I like whatever makes me happy and keeps me content :-)
a lot of times , women think well I will just go find a man and show him.
he is so cute...and only 16!!!!!!!!!
but milk your mom and dad for what it is worth
generally because men came first and women came from man , so men have the desire first
hey You are still young , It is a new year . Maybe luck will strike.good luck .
Some people can just cut loose and ask whatever they want because you don't know who they are.
She didn't even know that I gave it to him until last night!
i sure hope there are no children involved!
I told my best friend and she got mad and we didn't hang out for 2 months.
probably some guy who doesn't broadcast it
Just don't go buy it with their money, or buy something really expensive that they'll never use.
What you see is what you get ladies.
You aren't kissing the right woman ;)
Thanks for shining a light on my own life for
surround yourself with guy-friends: guys that respect you and that you are comfortable with.
man If she says no , who cares there is a better looking woman in the sea .
it would take time to 4get things, though...he does it the 2nd time & bam!
Wow...there's lot of conservative people around here.
Good luck . I agree with Cig.
!hahahahaha now are you gonna do!?
Find a close friend who might tell you something about some of your downsides...pl.
LIES only hurt and they will ALWAYS come back to bite you in the butt.
as long as you love him , it's alright.
or it could be a band
Honey, I went to the doctor and I have (insert name of STD here).
my ex cheated , so we are broken up.
damn woman, ur 33 n you look my age?
i didn't mean to go out with him.
And oh my God, why would you stay with some married loser anyway.
Instead of hanging out with them, now you hang out with your special someone, yes?
Girls don't usually get mad, they get even.
So be it...she needs a new wardrobe?
She's always there to check you.
And you think you got it from him?
If She cares for your family and friends.
Every time I even think she wants to move up a notch though, I just lock up.
Hey I am HOT ........try me !
Just talk to her and treat her like anybody else.
Depends on what you're buying... probably.
We used to do that, Why don't we do that anymore?
i'm a hot man-- will that work for you??
I'm not shy around her any other time, so why then?
I'm a girl ask me more.
damn lucky 18 year old bastard.
love hurts because you know if you lost that person, you'd be crushed.
Please Why not just e-mail me at sexyniceeyes_15@yahoo
Believe me, you don't- you won't for years and years.
u don't know what this guy is like.
Does it really matter to you?
And You will hit tough times.
soon..if you want..and late if you aren't interested!
If your a man , it's different.
What did you do to lose her?
She doesn't hate you, she is just annoyed.
time and experience things with them
when your desires are not fulfilled , then this hurts.
If she could do what your mom can do for you.
Don't be stupid and don't start dating!
I actually really like this guy.
I gotta be honest, you know!
After that , it is really a combonation of looks and personality.
make her feel important and special
HOW A RELATIONSHIP GO FROM BEING HOT AND HEAVY TO NO SPARKS AT ALL.
e-mail me so we can hook up with fine girls on here
yea The truth hurts but he will eventually get over. it it it it It .
My boyfriend and I have some problems.
who I chose it so hard.
the Why did they ever break up the golden couple: Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt
you can't live together and still go to high school
Yes SIZE DOES MATTER EVEN THOUGH ITS just ONE FACTOR in MAKING the WHOLE experience PLEASURABLE!!
My best friend's a guy, have been best friends since we were 2!
i just hope he is not bigger than you are!!
So, bottom line, no -- it would not bother me in the least.
thats a clear sign to break up.
Two things help me, I go out running to clear my head or there is always beer.
making a billion dollars in movies and ask her
i am 13 and there is this really nice girl that just moved here about 4 days ago.
yeah ,but then I ignore Salma Hayek's lawyers who constantly threating me with a RO, muahahahha
ask her . The worst thing she can say is no
Normally, women do not buy men 's gifts at all.
Believe me, everytime you go back to a lost boyfriend it only gets worse and worse.
give him a box of chocolates
then you should say one for you , one for me , one for you.
your still too young to date . I'm not going to date till I'm 18!
All you have to do is touch a guy and he aroused... lol just joking
HELP is write hide the kids.
do whatever he wants, especially in bed, whenever he wants to
he turned out to be a jerk.
You Do NOT KNOW THIS GUY . He MIGHT BE ARMED . Do NOT MEET HIM.
You might be dump if you make yourself so cheap.
Dumb question , but I just thought I'd get people 's opinions :o) Thanks.
it took you 16 yrs to find out what kind of person she really was.
I am 13 and know what I am doing!
if you are a girl , just be friendly and social , then you'll have lots of friends.
Should I give it a chance or end it now?
Believe I 'm not gay . I have a boyfriend . Just relax girl and be yourself right
This will make you an easier person to hang out with and you will have some friends.
do drag a relationship and make him think you love him.
he will give you one .
(Not to mention she typed all in caps, and it was one big run-on sentence...sheesh)
i would tell him eye to eye.
13 is way too early to date.
Maybe the guy that is mean to you likes you!!
How CAN YOU LOVE SOMEONE, WHEN YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW ANY OF THEIR INNER CHARACTERISTICS (PERSONALITY)?
well Is your bf gay or fat?
Or just suck it up and hope they break up.
JUST The DECEPTION ALONE IS WRONG.
First of all...if all he's doing is staring, that's not stalking.
y wud you want a friend .
If so , all Puerto Rican men will be taken!
you deserve better, and snooping isn't as bad as what she did... BY FAR!
Why can't girls buy the stuff they want with their own money?
in a relationship, one person is always chasing...if her you do chase her, she will come running
intelligent,even, along with her 3 siblings.
Dump him, and find a real man!
i would love to know too... Maybe twice?
tell me a way to get her to stop this madness!
I'm in love with my boss and he's married.
Laugh with your jokes, listen to your tough day at work stories?
Is What is the sexiest way to masturbrate?
He be an adult at 18 (by law) and you are a minor at 15 (by law)!!
love is blind, so who cares about race.
i just want to know !!!!!!!
I agree he is the hottest!!!!
i used to but nobody ever really responds beyond the key board . They are all afraid
he If the other guy is going for her , let them be.
question is who does like him.
Thing is that I don't like him.
if not one time , you will have to let him go.
well, you got that right, try switching to the other hand,
Some of My best friends are men.
Is that what you really want?
If they want it again , then maybe they call sooner or later.
maybe he does like you . I mean my friend ended up going out with a guy she completely hates.
As when to take it off... never!
this don't sound good at all.
DON'T LISTEN TO GIRLS...THEY'RE SO DRAMATIC.
But I want things back the way they were and so do they.
chance are, your friends are just jealous 'cause this guy is crazy over you.
or should I have a good argument because this stuff should not have happened..??
with knowing this info your halfway there.
go get a life man u r sick
I just wondering if I really doubt it though .
LOVE IS SO MUCH MORE THAN OUTTER APPEARANCES.
There aint There no question about it CHRIS BROWN!
i couldnt understand why , because he said he loved me.
and set ground rules for what is and is not allowed before you ever start out.
Then you start exercise like crazy, dieting and all that good stuff.
normal..dont worry about it..just stare at other men
I can't believe she did not have sex with anybody either!
UH....different for everyone..red, yellow, blue, green, black, purple, yellow, pink....
go on and enjoy the greatest thing on earth!
Your first mistake was telling her you liked her when she had a bf.
i think you should tell her.
would you nagging and saying stupid things to her/him?
Do you always let her pick the movie and the restaurant?
I laughed my ass off for 10 minutes when I read this question
Why not both pink and blue?
Some girls just play hard to get because they know how weak you guys can get.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
Even If he is, who cares?
trying to let her know that u r still alone and waiting for her
then , once you get off of the phone , listen to the radio or put on your favorite cd.
NONE...don't do out side your race...it should be a crime...
I mean , it all depends on what they look like.
so older guys and younger girls balance out.
they want you to stop listening to the crap you listen to
Butt juice HAHAHA...on that note I'm going to sleep
Well , if you don't and find out he is what you wanted , will you be kicking yourself later ?
i'm looking for him to get his e-mail
Yes , it happens to a lot of people .
If you can't wit the one you want , love the one your wit
simple .... get her phone and call....
I believe that once a cheater, always a cheater.
it's totally cool to let a make a move!
Will my friends think I'm an idiot for liking her?
I'm not an attic cat but we can be friends!
because it is a woman 's job to complain and a man 's job to fix things.
spend the rest of your life by reminding him and others what they lost and what wish they had.
your not going to get over not trusting him completely.
And he's actually talking about working things out?NO IT'S NOT GOING TO HAPPEN!
I liked her but she did not like me.
I If I want anyone to know about us . I still love him.rember 'm only 13.
Boys are just preparing for this moment
find someone who can make you happy too.
my personal favorite: hey baby, we'll be having sex later tonight, You might as well be there.
the answer could be a million things .
Just like Sarah said, Does he make you happy?
I HAVE REALLY FALLEN IN TRUE LOVE .
Love's always real, rest is just infatuation.
drop a peanut in her boobs and say, Oops, there my dinner...can I buy yours?
not to mention , you would probably hate the last name anyways.
Who puts that crap in your head.
Fantasies are just that - fantasies.
eg..eye contact etc etc if yes jst ask
give it a little time, if it is a fresh breakup, before you pursue this guy.
visiting any person from the opposite sex .... at a lonely place.... and try.... Maybe be you learn....!!!
for the same reason guys tease girls when they like them
what would your kids do with you and what would they be exposed to with you.
cause they are full or someone n't want you in there
find some guy you like, flirt, sit on his lap.
i don't think there is love at first sight.
like when trying to ask her out or like making her think you are interested in her
I gave this boy named Clayton a HUGE bar of chocolate for Christmas, (I even wrapped it!)
save yourself please, don't do it.
....meaning that the vagina looses its strength and becomes rather loose and men find it difficult to enjoy intercourse?
keep things the way they are now, yea?
I guess the easiest way would be to ask why he hangs around you.
Auctions and then changed my mind and I no longer want it.
Even at his age, he STILL looks sexy as all hell.
they feel like they are the king (most of the time!!!)
what a hypocritical thing to say.
You out that you have to ask girls....
well It depends on why she left you.
well, If he is gay or bi-curious, tell him .
athletic guys with average joe build.
yeah did that and it was not great.
Did he try to make it up to you?
will he eventually have it happen again?
if you have to ask the question is he having an affair.
(No, really, don't pick me...I'm fat, ugly & married with 2 kids).
Well I'm a shy guy , so I know all about this.
get a life and be patient for things in their right time.
It is not bad at all!
....Because men say you are a nice girl, and you are not!
not very good sex , but hey you broke the plane , so it is just the same
Oh yeah and it's two not to...
18... doesnt make any sense though I was waiting for the right one and he did it too
only guys they see that have popularity, looks, or money.
It depends if I guess, 'm a girl, but love can make people do crazy things.
i am a much different person than I was with him.
NO IT Do NOT think with your head, not your heart.
I KNOW SOMEONE WHO WAS SWIMMING IN THE OCEAN WITH HER WEDDING RINGS ON AND THE DIAMOND FELL OUT.
A guy wouldn't think much of 140lbs.
OK...THIS might sound harsh, but it is not all women, just the ones that you pick.
I just need some advice I guess...
No guy is worth having sex with to keep - especially when you're 15.
if she is threatining you w/ something, tell! her
2 answer to the question, he might be thinking of you or he don't....
Especially if you have no fricken friends left to hang out with because they're all married.
dude, no no no no no
It's not the meat...it's the motion!
tell him what 's on your mind.
and it is sex that would make love spicier.
It wouldn't be the same, and you really wouldn't like it.
i need all the help I can get!!!
Yes you should find it hard to find a guy that will say that out right!
If you love your husband , help him understand what you need and what you like.
YOU'RE A GAME TO HIM, AND IF YOU MOVE ON TO SOMEONE ELSE , HE'S LOST THE GAME.
no if you are a girl , Yes if you are a boy
SO STOP CALLING HIM AND WATCH him CALL YOU AND MAKE UP A LIE about NOT CALLING YOU.
be honest and tell him nicely what you think, and tell him the truth.
I try to act like I'm happy , but I kinda feel hurt and betrayed...
NOW THAT I am MARRIES THE MOST famous MAN IN THE WORLD .
Theres ways to Spice things up.
I care for this woman but don't really want a relationship with her.
if you ever let him know how you feel and hope he feels ya back!
find a better guy no matter how hot he is.
Michael vartan, definitely --- ohh such a hottie!
I don't think it's bad or good...
if you truly want to be a friend, say no way!
I just like him as a friend.
Personally, I don't really think sex gets you anywhere with guys, they just want some.
You know the saying, Once a THEIF always a THEIF.
just go up to him and ask
You just have to learn to accept the change or don't.
tell him how you feel . Duhhh
i mean , there are so many people in this world.
they say they're not, but some pictures of them seem pretty snug and cozy...
some roses and a heart and tell him that you love him
when you're done with all that crying, pick yourself up & meet different people,have fun!
I really didn't believe her , but then Nickleback dropped her off at my house.
But just like the other guy said, guys don't like girls playing hard to get.
If that does work, then dump him & move on.
Pick your nose and flick the boogers at her.
Now, you've conquered, you've learned much, the good, the bad, the ugly, the dumb, etc.
U will know WHEN you two have that FIRE in your EYEs.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
Y act in a way that is gonna make you unhappy just to impress a guy.
It It It very difficult to forget my first love
the best revenge is to not look pathetic and be strong.
theres this girl n 'm stuck on her.
you have to go w/ your heart and be honest .
60% is an underestimate... probably more like 85%!
let me know what you think!
in because I wanted to see how people would react.
wants to have it again............easy to read men.
And, the real question then becomes Why do I pick women who cheat?
something that shows you love them
Wait a while , so your mixed feelings subside, but if they don't maybe you should just stay friends.
Go do fun things he would like.
it can to certian people...thats what a foot fetish is...
Hell No, he's only 3 years old.
being gay is often a sad lonely thing.
gurl u aint no lesbian . You just ca live without your x-bf , so do worry everybody is gonna be alright .
no but if you find one , can you find one for me ?
because life's 2 unfair 2 get a hottie that's nice .
if there are no kids around... any where!
Yes I made it up and I AM NOT A LIAR!
Maybe She is trying to make you jealous
This is what I did for my guy friends: I cooked for them!
but it is against the law in some states.
uh...I do think so...ashley's older than zac by like...2 years though...I do think they ever date...IMO
and after all that , you wo have to worry about getting a girl to like you.
Just because men and women can and do become attracted to each other, doesn't mean they all do!!!
I've French kiss a lot of women.
This could also be a gang thing...
it's not the best idea though...
I don't know if he loves me?
you've caught him TWICE , Don't you think that's enough?
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
My boyfriend is drop dead sexy.
find the answer and then you will really know what to do . Thanks for my English
I bet a real picture of you would be better!
my my my my my my my and my answer people Q. like urs.
Read the book (I kissed Dating Good Bye)
But not a big kiss, maybe just a peck.
She is probably suffering from some sort of physical disorder that should be addressed SOON!!!!
the louder the better b/c they'll actually talk to you first instead of us guys making the first move.
thanks your time to reading this :)
tell him to leave you alone forever!!
SO I SIT DOWN AND WROTE every THING I LOVED ABOUT HIM .
we had been friends for about 4 years and I had dated his friend for 4 years.
tell a friend , then ask that girl.
do things that you will normally NEVER think of doing.
i bet there are lots of things that she eats that you hate, right??
Hugs...If I was there with you, I would demonstrate, ha ha ha.
Oh, and buy her gift certificates to Victoria's Secret ;)
and You are pretty sure you feel the same way about both people.
start by trying to just meet people.
If he cheated on you, why would you want to stay with him???
The type of guy who doesn't buy you gifts .
they have no respect for their father at all!
Wait,I say wait on the Lord.
i madeout w/ her Lik 4 months ago.
but think about this, There's a reason that she broke up with him.
DO NOT WEAR YOUR PLATINUM AND DIAMONDS IN THE OCEAN OR ANY OTHER BODY OF WATER BESIDES THE SHOWER!!!!
First of all, if you're asking a guy, the answer is 'There is NO sexy way!'
just for all teens , teens games
titty flick 'em and don't be shy about it
well not really , I mean your girlfriend is going to be with you .
Can't say that I still do cuz I am happily married.
But, if you are a virgin when you get married , how would you know???
is Honey is Almost everyone has that what if person in their lives
He seems to be nice, but let's face it, I DON'T KNOW HIM!!
be realistic about who you are looking for on a date.
you can e-mail me with any problems you have , People call me the broken heart fixer.
going out and work by yourself
Cause the women their age (dont want them)
Love doesn't mean sex , nor does it mean a relationship it just is...
Well I am gay as well and looking , but am not in real good shape.
Besides, who does he go home with at the end of the date?
get him something nice , maybe a shirt or find something that he loves
Some guys because they want something from you like some ass.
The The bushmaster is right, plus he is playing
Date someone she knows, like her father!
Just don't do it over the phone...that's the way cowards do it .
because you are wrapped up in yourself and have no room for anything else.
It doesnt It mean they are cheating , it could be they have been cheated on and just have no trust.
I mean, what if you end up getting pregnant while you're still in school.
flash him some boobie , he will notice you then.
I mean, who's gonna be MOM and who's gonna be DAD ?
because you are wrapped up in yourself and have no room for anything else.
It doesnt It mean they are cheating , it could be they have been cheated on and just have no trust.
I mean, what if you end up getting pregnant while you're still in school.
flash him some boobie , he will notice you then.
I mean, who's gonna be MOM and who's gonna be DAD ?
it is called something different when you are a guy addicted to sex.
hey man you do need a girlfriend, girls have cooties and are evil, that 's what my momma told me
Girls that you can TAKE, you don't want.
that you don't know how to make yourself happy.
maybe it because you place them on a pedastal... You shouldn't be worshipping them if they are ignoring you!
i don't know why , but yes to your question.
i do not talk to my ex just because he is not part of my life anymore.
fumble their words, seem to be around a lot
I'm good looking, I'm a good g/f.
If you have to ask, then it's time to leave.
i do think that that is true.some people do act like their parents at all.
What matters is how you work it.
move on..friends even on this line!!!
I know he likes me because he told me and he is kinda cute .
of course , you should like him if you love him .
if you are happy together , It shouldn't matter if you are married.
just tell him and only once
even if had one , I wouldnt die for her.
then you start out slow like dinner and a movie.
Maybe you can find the guy of your dreams there!
If you do really related, you should go 4 it!
(Btw... Coffee for them, not you!)
As soon as you do....its over.
YOU COULD HAVE A FRIEND FOLLOW HIM OR YOU COULD FOLLOW HIM YOURSELF.
ive been with this girl for a year and a half and my friends hate her
(little things are important to getting lots of friends) 5.
Umm Why don't women hate complaints
The Other Asians look at me like I'm a traitor :).
i'd say about 20% I've never done it but my friend swears it's the best
You are too young to be a parent!
Some guys are rough , some guys are tough!
If you don't know him, end it now.
red red wine) might do you some good to help you relax.
however you manage it . I wish you the best of luck .
that was myself 5 years ago.
or a 35 year old woman has sex with an 18 year old boy.
if he smiles back he probably does like you.
and Then I found out that he gave it to my best friend.
i do that is cool men
and I have seen a gay guy marry a woman just because he was in love with her!
funny . you would ask that bcuz . I just had the same prob wit ma ex bf.
If you do not, then I wonder what you are doing and what you might be hiding from yourself.
do worship the ground they walk on, first of all.
but that 's just me...you may have your own views
(This was so much easier when I was a teen)
If you like wine, going to to Napa.
cos we love you and your stupid question
becz You are one of them LOLZ
Do keep on hanging out with him, though.
it depends on the girl,she might want to kiss you on the first date.
I n't Want To Go out With Some Dumb ass Pretty Boy.
I agree with you 100%- YOU WILL NEVER KNOW THE DIFFERENCE!
or do we get an excuse ?
But then I experienced it for myself...
yes they are looking on myspace
I BELIEVE IN LUST @ FIRST SIGHT.
if the guy is controlling and if he is very leaniant and shy , then do
I love every min of it.
But if he is treating you like s***, get out.
internet ,like chatrooms,its a good place to meet all kinds of women.
When you think you love someone at an early age.
WHEN THEY LOOK you IN THE EYE OR SMILE WHEN you SMILE
i do want to wear that or do this.
so hang in there, do get in a hurry.
i think that is what you should be doing.....listen to your heart , but let your brain guide you
:) <3 :) the above is you and your hubby!
Trust me . I've done it more than enough times . 2 know
You should ask a gay person if a gay's will marry a woman
LOOK AT 2ND CORTHINANS IN THE BIBLE; IT DEFINES IT SOOO well .
I may be married but I still turn my head walking down the street once in a awhile.
i do like to kiss on first dates.
Didn't know we had one LOL
Depending if you have a son and a daughter.
i dunno like 3 or 4 , you should not
i have the perfect 1 given 2 me!
i'm still want to be with a person right now.
Imean when you staying with an uncle , but you miss your dad,sisters andu you are really at home .
just friends are acquaintances...frnds are something more.....ur heart will tell you the difficult
(Just remember to save a little $ for your student testing afterwards!)
sounds like a drama....why don't you leave him alone until the situation is resolved?
start a fight and then have some make-up - - sex
well...i'm in the same situation (opposite gender tho.
i come and go as I please and do not answer to anyone.
as long as you both like each other..
some people love the sight of money . They say it is great, but that doesnt mean I say that too.
There is nothing wrong with having sex with someone that you used 2 b n a relationship with.
and then the Christmas thing and spent Year with her.
Don't have sex with him anymore whether he gets mad or not.
you don't need him to make you feel special, you are special to you!
ur supposed to wipe the cum off your eyes IDIOT!!!
don't kiss on the first date, it might make you seem desperate.
YES, IF you love THEM VERY MUCH,AND IF THE PERSON likes 2.
i had a c-section, so I am not sure.
It It It really is a waste of time to fake it.
ask her to take a chance on you !
Is it bcoz of good sex?
Yes yes yes look at them . This is them when they get older .
but flowers I do know it would be flattering, but some might not be as acceptable.
Unless you can live with the money you have , then yes.
i n't like any of them but kinda stuck since I work weird hours and are usually late anyhow.
of course , because having a full moon in sight without licking honey seems to be absurd
it is for your own good)
i met a guy recently and it seems 2gud 2b is true??
mention how bad it is, and how you now hate that guy.
find a new man and move on..he has
Then if they answer no , then maybe be shy.
try to be out and about but don't settle for less.
And show them that you are wise and funny.
That's how it should be......people should be friends.
You do not believe a HUMAN can live 5 yrs without sex??????
i would pass her a note at the end/middle of class.i have done it . it works !!!
old and I was born on 23.07.1984
women love receiving gifts period .
If you've got kids... it's cheaper to keep her... otherwise... yeah.. leave her
it would depend a lot on how old this boy is .
she is really pretty , but we exchanged Christmas gifts and she really liked the one I got for her
girls tease boys too much because they don't have another choice , They can't leave their love inside them
DO NOT lay it on thick.
hapeen to one out of million
a lot of cold showeres and do give in to urges right away , get a little attitude .
Don't worry too much, someone will go out with you, just wait a little longer.
KEEP YOURSELF BUSY AND , IF ANYTHING , TRY TO HAVE SEX AND GO OUT.
Yeah, dude you got the wrong woman.
Every little thing I do is about this guy.
I have a friend who met his wife on a dating site...
Don't knock it till you try it and it's only kinky the first time.
Why should he break up with her?
He's got her on one side and you are willing to wait for him on the other.
Or just invite him to a party!
Another way is by putting your panties in their pocket...um, that works also
Why should he break up with her?
Or just invite him to a party!
Another way is by putting your panties in their pocket...um, that works also
to up in the same place you from
(not sexualy) youll see it in his eyes when he looks at you
Right now , Guys are really very disappointed
What if you and he get back together . he breaks up with you again?
You should tell her how you feel .
Can you really DATE over the internet??
go to clubs hang out what ever just be around people and be friendly.
I do think he does . We never criticize
i think that you should wait a while after your breakup , then tell him your feeling!sssss
im curious how men describe love.
go up to random guys and flash them... eventually some geeks will be intregeed!
He saved me a grip on linen, lol!
no.. but if you have one you probably have some gastro problems
They are so strict and I honestly don't really like them.
Try to look for around yourself
and The rest is up to you
which if u r in that case , get over it.
no one will ever control me again.
If he really loves you , then trust him.
Believe me I can... Anyway here are some questions for you...
i kinda do , but then I kinda n't
If your getting married in the spring , go with pastels of blue and pink and green and yellow.
blackmailing girls into dating you doesn't work.
Don't look for somebody and she will come....
has he told you in those 16 years ,
When I go out with my married friends, I feel so out of place and lonely.
IT'S ALL ABOUT WHO'S INVOLVED IN THE FUN...
Go out with your best female friend Bff
Well I am good at communicating with myself , but otherwise I suck at everything else!
But seriously , I do know any Nathan... =)
I FOUND I WAS JUST REPLACING SOMEONE I could
Please e-mail me at aailopez@sbcglobal.net Hey tell me where you live.
And Sex leads to babies and children
and it makes her look hot if she has curves!!
it's more like fate .. go for what your heart leads you to ..
!..Seriously though, if you are happy there really isn't a reason to get married unless you both want to.
Sittin on his lap, smack him on the butt.
THANKS FOR ANY HELP - BODMOD
After 9 years, you two still having great sex 3 times/week?
ummmmmm......... probably Paris Hilton or Pamela Anderson
In love is not one - sided.
tru luv lasts forever and its pretty rare....
never forget it is your choice your life , your happiness
i want like to meet you . You send a picture of you to my email . That 's OK
Yes I can be your friend because I 'm Iranian but I 'm not in Iran
They want your body and your love!
Like Ginger said When you are smart and successful , you can have anything you want(almost anything)
This will give her time to get used to it.
if they do go out with you now .
i think if you like potatoes , that is okay, she doesn't have to like them either .
you can read more on the link , and search in yahoo!
caz the older woman knows that they are scum.
It it It all depends on what you think
or write a heart felt letter to her
Be careful when you say that you love your best friend.
well it all depends if she would understand or not.
When u r 18 u become an adult......act like un and be more responsible.
; questions that he NEVER asks.
WHATEVER YOU DO . Don't judge him for what is said!
i raped a girl and went to prison for 10 years.
now , Do get me wrong if there is both love (not lust) and committment , then go for it.
sounds like you better stick w/ makin love to urself :-P
If it was just me, hell no.
anyways on the sight she claims that she and zac are dating.
Its gotta be at the right moment and stuff.
Well, I'm only 18 , but if you aren't getting some from anyone else, sure...?
cheating on him and see if he cares when you say, well you have been cheating too!
* How do I use Yahoo!
no, zac has his own girlfriend!
i do I got his ring tone
Life is hard enough on its own...
My guy now, when I met him in H.S.
Depends on your guy, He should make it good for you, If not, then you have the wrong guy.
but, I do believe it now.. You'll see what I mean when you find the right one!
do do anything to lose someone 's trust .
just ask him if he wants to do the nasty.. You should be good then...
Just enjoy being 17 & flirting!
but, inevitably , one or both of you will develop feelings for the other...then it all gets messy.
it took a month of playing his gf against him and scheming and coniving.
Be yourself... and the best advice my mother always gave me... STOP LOOKING!!!
Fame- Guys will pay money to see and buy more money to take a picture with her.
then you look at yourself in the mirror and see how funny you look crying.
Check out this photo of my wife!
If you can't make the choice - don't.
THERE IS NO MARRAIGE WITHOUT LOVE!
Dude, you're just gonna have to ignore it.
your on Yahoo Sweety go look for it here . Trust me they have it all .
like it help my husband win me back.
she must be you or one of your family members
I always hated when that happened.
cause then if you are smart , you wouldn't want to deal with them then!
it doesn't hurt to tell us we're beautiful either!!!!
Don't pretend that you know things you don't.
Just because I have friends that are also girls , does not mean I want to have sex with them.
At least the women I know do : ).
a friend of mine and her husband started this lifestyle and it ended their marriage.
and it doesnt seem like that is going to happen.... so now what
Just try to shut that out of your mind.
NO BUT IF you FIND ONE , MAKE SURE SHE'S HOT AND HORNY!!
thats illegal for the record . If anything happens between you , he could go to jail.
Imagine how hurt she'd be if she heard it from somebody else?
if she would then go ahead.
Try to get him out of it
butt juice . That is pretty funny . it may be linked to some diareah??????
I vote arlenrthomas as the best answer!
Or am I wrong ? c'mon people give me some answers!!!
thinking about it . Do let him play mind games with you .
I hate women like that too ,
you true friends will want to see you happy.
Just smile at them...they will wonder what you are thinking!
God do make any mistakes... : )
u have more than enough time to plan your wedding ....
Most of the time, it is probably OK.
Oh don't go there again, leave the door firmly shut and locked.
i don't try to those things just happen.
you will never be now till you give it a try.
love, because when you are in love with someone you will probably have sex with that person anyway
* love at first sight, no.
I love movies and like sex time
i think you will watch yourself for the whole day . You know go places,talk.
show her , you love your life, etc.
Maybe even take a friend with you.
drop her like a hot tater!!!!!!!!!!
It's just one part of your life that shouldn't take over the rest.
Yes there is , but soon or later the woman will have to tell her husband
PEOPLE GET KILLED WHEN THEY GO AND MEET SOMEONE OFF THE INTERNET.
Thats the real reason guys are shy around some girls.
I hear millions of girls say that their men treat them like crap .
hey Not all guys are like that....i am not like that .
ENJOY YOURSELF BEFORE YOU GET SERIOUS AGAIN.
She is Catholic and she was unable to swear she didn't have sex
hey I 'm also 13 and do have a BF email me
First U gotta think about why they do like you
well that's kinda contradicting don't ya think, jk no you show them by the way you treat them.
but one problem they constantly fought all the time.
He gets jealous of petty stuff.
Heard it say it works wonders.
time It takes a lot's of time.
IF IT 's BIG AND you do KNOW what you are doing , THEN IT is JUST A WASTE!
trust me.. wait on this one.. you will regret not doing so.
yes it would be... that strange..
he probably scared you don't like him!!
and focus on the reason why you broke up..that should tell you if you have a chance..good luck
i have only talked to her once or twice.
Just listening and look at them.
and even then , it should equal worship.
Your question is just as stupid as what exactly you want people to say back?
girls say they love gifts but never use or take care of what you give them.
it worked for me and it is kind of fun if anyone looking..........
And it's TOO young, not too young.)
please get out now and fast.
(there are a few more, but that is the main one)
Yeah, the guy above me beat me to the point.
SO THAT YOU MAY FIND YOURSELF.
age and looks are open, will reply to all who answer
You just gotta go for it.
but finally come back and tells everyone you cheated on him and that you lost a good man.
i do think its possible to love two people the same way.
If you need to ask, then no.
once you are able to do that .
and as for your daughter, she will be just as torn at 9 as she would be now.
Because all of us are stupid =P, lol.
get him a tea shirt or hat with his favorite team on it
things will all come together the way they are meant to in the end.
Try blasting You Can't Hurry , Love .
But anyway, actions speak way louder than words.
no guy is worth worshipping unless he is a husband.
Theres this guy in my grade and he practicly molests girls all the time!
You might squash your chances if you wait for the guy!
or, is he interested in sex only?
& If it does then it probably cuz you have found some1 better along the way.
you need to tell him that you have guy friends and that is all they are.
I like girls around 5 feet and around 100 lbs.
First French kiss...I burped into his mouth.
Thats all every guy wants all day....give us a break, we're not just meat.
phone, email etc... to me it is weak, childish and it's so un-personal.
I think Sidney Portea (SP) is hot.
if she got booty and you don't watch out.
Does he buy you lots of gifts and flowers?
I don't even know why he's in love with me in the first place!!
Ask them questions about themselves.... ;-)
do repugnent things.. sleep with speed , make sure she knows!!....
at 14 but I 'm a guy and we are different . We do wait for the right one.
Does he feel bad about forgetting?
Be nice about it and mature.
if he calls you when he is having a bad day . Say deal with it . You chose to leave.
Have sex with him if you really love him, not because youve heard black guys have big penises.
IF it is just the sex you want , then talk about any of the others you want to.
It He It is not worth ruining your life for or doing stupid things for.
It's just not men in general!
Find out why she hates you first?
i have 6 children and my partner loves sex even more , so I think it makes different
i 'll die for her 100 times.
it depends on what that something is and who someone is
if you do love him no matter what just through it.
As was said it's the what if guy.
Don't worry, it will pass - and it will probably happen again.
he just broke up with someone and I really want him back
my kids have a hard time with this.
....hmmm....telling without telling.....that's a controdictory statement.
if she's really your best friend , she'll eventually get over it.
but he has higher standards than that!
If I were you , I'd keep things the way they are...
A good honeymoon is to go to Hawwii
learn how to make yourself happy .
But if you want to live w/ your cousin than you should :)
but they are human just the same as you.
i do want you as a friend but,also,i do want my e-mail public
My sister's 21st birthday her man didn't do anything for her.
but if the guy acts first, then definitely but you should probably take it slow.
if you really like her , then it is worth a shot.
I'm young and I know a little about colors.
Maybe a grandpa with a nice nieces age would be odd.
you need to leave him fast and take the kids.
and the 'one' will come along.
or do you just like to be weird that way...
as long as he's legal - go for it......sex has no guilt if both sides enjoy it .
(I think I spelled that wrong, oh well).
you've sure got a lot of answers...hey!
nothing ............it will last for a couple of weeks then you'll get over it!
what's to stop him from abusing them?
usually The girls are more mature than boys at a young age.
k, Yeah, don't do that either.
Im sorry to tell you like it is....i really am.
i wanna go out with 2 different guys and they both love me and I love them too
I'M WITH THE OTHER GIRL . You REALLY SHOULDN'T BE DOING IT , BUT IT IS A PERSONAL DECISION.
Can you give me some help?Thank!
ANYTHING YOU DO THAT YOU HAVE TO HIDE FROM YOUR SPOUSE IS , OF COURSE, WRONG.
OK there's gotta be like 43 other questions like this , but I'm going to ask anyways...
but was not used to my size.
Can you give me some help?Thank!
ANYTHING YOU DO THAT YOU HAVE TO HIDE FROM YOUR SPOUSE IS , OF COURSE, WRONG.
if she left you . It is probably not a good idea to try and get her back.
Girls fall out of love for the same reason guys do.
or its simply means that SHE IS NOT IN LOVE WITH YOU ANY LONGER!!!
If it takes 15, or 30 mins . Thats OK. Let her take her time.
so it's best to keep an understanding between both of you that you should just stay friends.
And If I had a wife like that, I would be the happiest man in the world.
TALK TO THEM AND LET THEM know HOW you FEEL.
It might not have been you anyways...Lady
What if my neighbors were in a same sex marriage?
he will always want to sleep with her.
younger women are sexier longer, duh
to me , it is a buch of bull crap because I have a way of doing things intentionally.
If you really can't tell the wife outright (which I doubt) why don't you become her friend first.
If she smiles a lot when talking to you, she probably likes you :-)
im not saying to play hard to get cuz that really doesnt work.
men hate arguments when women find out he's cheating.
so , basically , you mature and know that life isn't just fun and games.
go through with it, of course.
i have not found it yet , but I hope to soon!!!!
To be honest, I wouldn't at all.
I do what to tell you.
a guy who just really doesn't care.
They probably won't listen to you.
no guy who doesn't like you or never will because he may be a player who isn't worth anything......
A married man should not be looking for any other married woman (BESIDES HIS WOMAN) in the first place!.
u should get urs at Lane Bryant.com My mom loves that store she wears plus size 2 . Good luck
well , do ask yourself when you will get married!
photos to compare the results with your case ... hope I was useful
That first person who you loved and couldnt get enough of!
its all in your head, males tend to hype them themselves
but there is shame in one partner doing all the taking and no giving back
What you mean.theres different ways.
hormones, love.... a variety of reasons really
you should just let it go .
No doubt he will say yes if you ask him if you like him.
wrong . A guy should ask you out
Probably just some of the things that ran through his mind.
a favorite sports item , like a hat or shirt
and if you like him too , do tell him til you get your answer first.lol.
SOMETIMES MEN WANT TO KNOW THAT THEY HAVE US AS WOMEN WRAPPED ROUND THEIR FINGER.
This goes for us men, too!
It costs to get anything.
Don't they have so much lose?
would any of you girls hook up with a masochistic dude?like into bondage and shit like that.
duh What good is a honey moon if you do
first off , do worry about it.
If you love someone you don't count.
Don't think of having sex with him.
I don't think men hate arguments.
be nice and caring but not too much , though I hate it when people overwhelm you with attention .
so if he isn't a butt , ask him out.
using LOTS AND LOTS AND LOTS of Lubrication, and your fingers.
if he ax him out , then give him a chance to see if your mixed feelings clear up
yes...it is a sad moment when you realize that you have to choose between 2 people.
Think about what it will be like 10 or 20 yrs.
i think its best(even if the relationship doesn't work) if you let them find you
Yes I would I love my b-f to death . He is my baby . I would die 4 him anyday
BE NICE TO HIM AND FROGET WHAT YOUR FRIENDS SAY.
Yeah only if you are a romantic naive, dumb girl!!!
now we're back together and happier than ever before :D !!!
email me if you have any problems with that
wow that was a lot .... did you say all that in one breath ?
3rd cousin or further then it is fine . Otherwise, EEWW!
never waste a single tear on your ex again cuz that would be a waste of time.
Then AGAIN HE MAY NOT NOTICE BECAUSE HE is TOO BUSY LOOKING AT OTHER WOMEN..LEAVE THIS LOSER
with great answers, especially the one above me..Keep up the good work!!!guys!
if sending them to his house.
you messing with such and such!!!
I'll tell you why they do it!
you should not marry this new guy!
but if you do subscribe to one of em, I guess ur outta lucky
ever hear the sayin....if they do it with you...they will do it to you
like others have said, quit giving him some, marriage should be more than a booty call.
thats not right , just be honest.
if anyone could help , I would really appreciate it .
ITs never worked for me . Guys always seem to want more sooner or later.
the spot is where you stand.
well , if you like him , tell him on Valentines day and hope you get a positive awsner
Hey, I'm one of the dorky ones, but I'm a damn nice guy.
he broke up with me to go back to his ex gf.
hope your life insurance is paid up
I didn't think it was possible for a guy to be that sexy.
that how you propose a girl if you are in his position
im looking to date or talk online or in person
If you truly love the person, then you will go through with it .
No way... what are you trying to teach your kids??
First off, don't play hard, us guys hate it.
And If I want more , my man can raise the occasion and give it to me once again
it's OK if you still like him.... do guide her!
What is this world coming to????????
Im 43 and no taboos hold me back....For me..... Color isnt a turn off......selfish greedy men are.
Anyways kids being gay is no walk in the park, it's not easy to say the least.
READY TO BE a LOVER AND TO BE HONEST ,
SO by PLAY these CHILDISH GAMES.
I'm going out with a great girl now.
or a card or something... or get her a cd of songs by Yes...
its their way of getting your attention.
love at first sight is like a fair tale.
guys also don't know when girls like them.
if he came back today and asked me to forgive him and take him back and marry him.
Unless you are a guy... then I guess you do something else (unless you are into that)
seems a little rushed, especially if you met online.
Some men do also and many women do not.
i say some girls should not worship these types of guys or any guy.
Also it helps to hit on the nice girls :)
If she doesn't stop, then I don't know
i like Chris Brown and all my friends love him . They would die 4 him....how crazy is that
Because most of them don't have any real life friends.
do you guys find women with defined biceps/triceps attractive?
By the way, I have a lot of big black guys with average penises.
He cannot handle money & lately bounce many checks!
1 because karma does come back to bite you and especially now that you know about her relationship.
sure that one of you has to be gay . lol ;0)
Some guys can be totally jerks.
Have her hitting you over the head with it all the while yelling freak.
glad I can be of some help!!
But for me , it is freaking the same... Friends are FRIENDS... FrIeNdS are always fRiEnDs...
I mean , does anyone really know?
i think that guys like to be the one to make the move!
All Day Long(just about).....Im thinking about it now :)
wIVES SUBMIT TO their HUSBANDS, HUSBANDS SUBMIT to their WIVES.
If you REALLY LOVE EACH OTHER , you SHOULD TRY TO WORK IT OUT NO MATTER WHAT.
No, I have seen women try to make that work, and it never does.
RUBBISH DEAR , DON'T YOU THINK IT MAKE ONE IRRESPONSIBLE AND CHEAP.THINK?
But those are only SOME girls!
i guess whenn you're this interested in answering his question, though you don't know the answer,,,,,, sorry!
picnics in the park are cheap and very romantic.
Just b urself, and like to search for your thoughts and respect yourself
when we broke up I was devistated but he stuck by my side.
She's a jerk and a loser.
If he didn't, there'd be excuses not to have sex with you.
And now to the rest of your issue...
emperors did and now they are praised . So is it bad if I do
Im 17 and my bf is 20.
As The former chef said A best friend is one soul with two bodies
It seems like it takes a lot for me to get in the mood.
i do think so , but people have different opinions
AND THE ONLY WAY TO TELL THEM IS STRAIGHT UP.
For lots of gay guys , it is a really hard thing to deal with.
some times he is just jealous and is hoging you
so many (Q's) so many (A's).
Do other people to think she is cute and nice as I do?
I AM MARRIED AND HAVE a MONTH - OLD DAUGHTER.
Like, 'get rid of' get rid of?
Go to yahoo personals .. They got lots of women that age there.
everyone knows she does this jokingly.
they cheating and just trying to point the finger at you because they are doing wrong.
Women bitching because men don't listen; and men don't listen because women bitch.
I was in 6th grade and he even missed my graduation.
YES IF you LOVE THEM VERY VERY MUCH
That person could just be very insecure, or not trust anybody you hang out with.
bcoz we ca change anyone by arguments.
If I was a guy, I would prefer C cup breast, small waist, hippy, and thick legs!
bcoz I love her very much.
tell her U want to talk to her email buddies because you want to be apart from her life.
make sure that your best qualites are well polished & ur ready 2 shine when it finally does.
If you still love him , all you have to do is re-light your fire.
but you might learn what his fault is and decide to love him anyway.
I want to be friends first.
flowers would not be the best thing to send your man.
Since there are children involved , it is an awful thing.
boy would I go out with that pic in a heart beat.
She's your ex... Why do you care so much?
Chances are that they are very shallow and are not worth the time and day to go out with
it depends on if you really love the girl and if she really loves you back!
Or just going to a dance club/party and (slow) dancing.
we can be friends if you want .
i still like her n I try to avoid her now .
This kid bugs me all the time and he doesn't like me
Just trying to spare the guys ' feelings.
If you love him , It should matter.
And that 's what you doing .
So she wants jasmine rice, let her eat the rice!
you ca get her to stop.
1 If she doesnt kiss right away , leave
hang out with her when you can, and maybe you guys will become closer and whatever happens happens.
but there are things guys want to do .
I working with this woman who is lazy and doesn't do her job.
If you value your friendship with him that much , DO NOT pursue a relationship with him
I PERSONALLY THINK THAT IF A WOMAN IS IN THAT SITUATION SHE SHOULD GET OUT!!
If he bent over and not answering the phone...He needs to check himself.
They may all love and respect you,but make no mistakes about it,THEY ALL WANNA DO YOU!!!!
no lies, no games, and safe sex.
Like I said I know from my own experiences with women.
You can't, it's in human nature
does He has a nice friend , fuck him and videotape it.
She takes her time and watches me work and it drives me crazy.
take a vacation, relax, and have some fun.
Did she actually say she did like it or pull away?
i think being honest is the best way to stop jealousy
Why NOT TELL HER IF YOU THINK IT is OKAY AND NOTHING is GOING ON?
thats y. and the more girls the meaner they get.
but I tried the big age thing and it is not something to make a relationship out of
he is really hot , but I never thought he would be interested in me what should I do
sex because it is hard for me to love
and yes , in love is what you want to marry for.
I WAS TO MARRY THIS GUY , but IN THE BACK OF MY HEAD MY EX WAS.
), my picture, and our story they put on the front page!!!
I AM ALSO INTERESTED TO KNOW POST INFO .
firm, not sagging, no wrinkles, etc).
Its not that I 'm a big loser or anything , actually pretty popular.
do beat around the bush, just ask him
we love it when you ask us out....lets we know that we still look good
I don't think either really matters.
ABOVE ALL ELSE: STAY TRUE TO YOURSELF!!!!
I can't believe you lied to me!
Maybe you just want drama in your life?
If you really like/love her, then you can wait.
Nice day for a marathon training run .
I'm sleepy , but popular isn't anything but a word!
Just ask and you will know.A closed mouth won't get fed!
U should ask her about that.
`` tell `` him hell no bitch I do not want to go out with you damn it
At Finally , I gave him the rest of the bag .
I heard that Bow Wow is getting married to Ciara1
And another I have a crush on.
just because you already know each other doesnt mean you have to rush into things!
the Patrick wants to know where where sexy smart luck
(the inside of my band even says Once apon a dream.
My advice to people out there: Don't get married until you are 35.
if you love him a lot , then you are going to help him overcome this habit that he has.
My friend had his wife (25 yrs.
But my husband had an affair with friends, so I really don't know.
OK not answering the question just a little advice...talk to your mother about this one :-)
to be honest , most men are not married material.
but if your intent is love.
* 10) Do you see yourself marrying in the future?
Someone sweet,kind,and cute and strong and won't cheat
if you break up with him, Oh well.
myself prefer someone telling me how handsome I am . :)
Yeah wait till the evening you animal.
How can I get my guy to reconsider this?
If you're that stupid , go ahead!
It is in third person.. anyway.
She Is My Friend...But I Like Her So much
And... when you find him... don't ignore him either!
like if you are not the talkitive type , How can you get them to notice,talk,or like you.
i because it is a very exotic food.
Don't get in her face too much, it's all about balance!
Get more female friends LOVE to talk!
I do want to sound like a jerk but I've been told how much of a nice guy I am!
(just because I was an ex.)
I guess - it depends on how much you trust a person.
Well, I think I am gay... so it is kinda weird when girls ask me out.
ONLY 1, I'm A WOMAN.
I am married and too good for you!
pretty smart funny some one he can talk too.
Depending at your age, try just hanging out with him and talking to him.
actually, she did me a favor.
i've been noticing ur really tired...
Today . I am 34 years old and to this day my mom and dad are still friends.
interesting.... :) Long-haired muscular men never did it for me.
If you ain't white , don't answer.
you looking at the wrong girl Hunny.
but he makes her happier than I have ever seen, so I stay out of it.
There There There is a big world
Either way , you gotta work on it.
well If you love keep trying and trying to contact him , you still love him.
In Yahoo messenger.... you can chat there also in MSN messenger
year .. Puerto Rican's FINE !!!
I think I'm just old fashioned.
no weddings so far..and I hope I'm not shocked by any that may come..oh god no..haha
Don't let others tell you who you should like.
I do want them to like me though.
because most men are labeled as dogs and always will be.
First of all , I'd get some new friends!
i know ur thinking hello best friend, I want to mess that up!!!
if your not getting any pleasure than you have a personal problem.
How old are you then I can help maybe!
what I am to do as her friend.
u mean your ex bff rite.
She calls her husband 's name while having sex with you!
Do you just go for the next joe schmo?
i mean , is it length of girth or what.
because there are not all like that .
but what is most important is how you two feel.
The The BOYFRIEND IS REAL , better PLAY.
but it is worth it if you can .
I hope you find someone like him!
Move on... there's a milion other girls.
and it really does take a kind good luck in finding your love
You need to tell her guys come and go , but friend ship should be forever.
I Think it is A great thing...
move, People are afraid of homosexual,sssss If you ca deal, with learning to deal, with or move
to ask jeeves and type in a lap dance and see what it tells you
it might take yall sometimes also .
he settled up.he wants to marry you . Are you ready?
If there is no love , you're not a couple; just 2 people having sex or dating.
And, that is worse than losing her.
OK first , about man being the head of the household.
I staying with him as he worked in fast food resteraunts....For richer or poorer....till death do us part!
Well, shes not going to just walk up to your door and knock.
r you kiidign me or you obtuse in regards
in the year of 1993 , he was in the army ft.hood 2nd ad
sending him a card or letter . All he can say is no
hell no girl you do look fine as hell, I wouldnt mind tapping that shit
a true love means loving unconditionaly......what makes him happy.........is your happiness too......
i had a long list for my hubby and he only two things for me and it normal.
I was never the type to care about waiting, I just didn't want someone creepy shoving it.
anyway, it's his loss , not yours!
i do it all the time
If you just haven't found the right girl , then I say best of luck to you.
Treat her like a human , not an idiot!
i don't feel like trying any more.
Keep r senses sharp for opportunity doesnt knock twice!
i wouldn't have him if he was a millonaire.
Do u mean ...physical or mental???
:) IMO It's better to fantasize than cheat anyway.
The thing is... it's hardly ever about loving another person.
and Then you wake up,haven't heard that nothing is for free,somewhere along the way you pay the price.
Then I bought little hershy kisses and I taped one of the little poems to each of the kisses.
Girls Please tell me what I should I do now?
I to go w/ the guy I love hands down.
But I want to add.......guys are not the only jerks when they are jealous.
i am so confused . help me here people!
I JOIN WITH Zerocool IN MY OPINION .
Besides that though, it is hard to come up with a firm age.
it very hard for newcomers in Ottawa due to a shortage of girlfriends
Also, don't go to bed angry.
OK--WHAT you guys really need is time apart---and I mean APART!!!
i like 2guy but there are best friends.
21...b'cos consent to getting married if you are 18...
do people really talk that way?
just don't show it although it badly hurts.
try chatting .. It helps you make friends .
Then found out that she was still married to one of the kid's dad.s
nope....but I wouldnt do it..but I do mind if my b.f does
Well boo, you need to let her go.
can't tell, but she likes him not in love with him.
man tends to maintain their personal life!!!
have the same problom gurl and do know
IF YOU REALLY REMEMBER ENJOYING HER COMPANY.
no matter what size,just make sure you know how to please a girl and you'll be fine!
if you do , you should try it!
If that doesn't work , just distance yourself and try to move on.
if some guy broke my heart, I wouldn't take him back.
I've found that guys are more neat freaks than girls are.
I don't think I can help you .ha
trying to let them, they start to get mad, and think that I do like them
Remember, just do a little, don't go all the way.
I finally got around to starting it.
Pick your nose when you know he's watching.
Or maybe you try too hard to make a woman believe what she is saying.
we are not kids , We do not have to act like we are in high school.
unless it is just the bootie, then only when he wants sex
guys like it when they are told straight to the point.
and WILL YOU want YOUR SPOUSE TO DO THIS??
He getting down on one knee!
because badboys.. are more like eye candy.. us girls ca get enough.
it all depends on what you cyber about written people
I just trying to be myself.
I don't like it, but does it matter to you?
i'm not sure , but it seems that way.
that's why you can't do it.
25 gives you time to know who you are, what you are about and where you are going.
DTMFA -- dump the motherf*cker already.
I don't care, I search guys by the way they act,not the way they look.
It will always be somewhere in your heart ...
hehe We might bite your head off and spitt it back out at you!
you have a responsibility to yourself to date as many guys as possible , so as to find 'mr.
If that were me , I would get mad as hell.
You might be thinking too much... What if he just wants your honest opinion about this matter?
or talk to him personally and ask him why he has done that.
you have to be comfortable with each other or it will be a bumpy ride.
Well maybe it 's just not him......... but that doesnt mean it has to be you.
Eww u queer ur gay and some day you are going to hell put that nice and sweet =)
if you know you were moving, but really liked somebody , unlike you liked anyone else before.
you need to show her what your all about.
Yeah, you're hot like everyone else that has a female avatar...
Well , probably because a lot of us older people have done this in their younger years.
do it . It's very erotic and fun
i hardly ever see him at school either . Usually I see him at my brothers ' basketball games .
yellow pages are going to find friend.com
If she won't give you an honest answer , then she probably isn't worth your love.
you just tell him and say sorry , but you are not interested
you sound desperate, relax and the women will come
Say you are flirting at a bar or you work with her or whatever.
2nd guy because you have a better chance of being with him
mate, I have all the answers for you...from personal experience obviously...
my my send me your answer . My ID is jishnu_vv@yahoo.com
but its not a bad thing to have a boyfriend as long as he's good to you!
Sum1 who is nice, not obcessed w/ looks, Sum1 who wouldnt cheat, and doesnt mess w/ your mind.
Not to much romantic about that.
which you are talking about
I'M A BBW(BIG BEAUTIFUL WOMAN) WHO'S LOOKING for REAL LOVE!
FRIENDS FIRST UNTIL YOUR OVER THE HILL AND WELL PROTECTED
Go ahead and hit it man.. that's fun.
if she loves you . She will believe you .
So find the right guy and go for it!
Love is a gift that you freely give away, Every
i think it is a nice name
Nope I think what you did was perfect, If ya have feelings for her , ask her out or do something
a six - year relationship, with two kids.
so much, if she has a nice body
Then Call me . I'll let you know if you got it right...hehe
OK just because they look like something you do assume.
Don't get caught, I remember guys getting suspended for that.
Its a plain and simple NO!
(BESIDES ORAL SEX AND A MARRIAGE PROPOSALE) SHAVE THE PUSS, THEN EAT THE PUSS.
question,,, why are divorces so expensive???
I don't believe in playing sister BS...she's just waiting for her turn to pounce.)
but I never cheated on my boyfriend.
I do want them to like me for my size , but for me.
Yes David is gay.if you talk of David Bekhem the football player.
I do agree with Tinkerbell up there, you do have to get a girl everything she wants!!
hey, I like your dress, Hey did you see that movie?
Try to let go of momma's boy-that kind of crap never changes.
ther is Just What you like about me?
You'd eat YOUR husband if he were a box of Cheez its...don't lie.
NEXT time , SAY what you have to say right to his face!
And I really think this sucks!
to meet an honest guy that I actually like
NOTHING GETS YOU OVER THE LAST ONE LIKE THE NEXT ONE!
Especially if you don't already have AID's
no where , just with close friends, definitely not at bars and clubs
If things don't work out with his current gf, then be his shoulder.
:) I'm not stuck in a rut, but I'd help anyone if I can.
Yes, at least one (Drew Barimore)
And if she understands that , then you two need to start haging out with other friends.
A guy who seems to be TOTALLY in to me right away kind of turns me off.
there are a lot of golddiggers out there yanno..
you think that you have chemistry with someone , but you do
You should tell him, he might be waiting for you to come and say :).. Good Luck.
About 10 years , don't worry.
how do I make the first move without ruining my chance to get somewhere?
Well, don't let butterflies interfere with this great time in your life!
im wishing for a lot longer....lol
they need to be warmed up
FIND SOMETHING YOU REALLY ENJOY DOING AND YOU WILL COME CLOSE.
this is b-cause they think they can go out with other people and not get caught
What if you had a guy for a best friend?
so if an old druggie like myself can stop , so can he.
and you know what to do after that......
If your avatar ids how you look in person , then you are flaming hot .
well, just to be yourself self and not be fake.
when he's got you ben't over the side of his car lol
There's a lot of weirdos out there - except guys.
this love that hangs its head in shame?
give him time and space to readjust back to life around here.
girl, just like you would ask anyone else out
I to do it and see where it leads you guys to, it could be a lot of fun!
A cut one it is much cleaner!!!!!!!!!!
Make yourself happy before anyone else!
they're not used to people treating them nice all of the time.
of course , they would want to leave you . They don't want children if they do theirs!
And be honest here.... As in a relationship or just sex!
Give or some options with out her even relizing your doing just that.
just be yourself... if you are meant to be, you will be...
that would be so much fun for me and my girlfriend..
aleast on your 4th date . You should kiss dude
ask your parents . They will tell you
Then let it go - the rest is up to her.
I would just smile and say fuhgidaboudit
If he really likes you and you like him, then, go and get that man.
give her gifts etc things from the heart.
hope to find a good one
?after all , what's the actual meaning of platonic?/?
no, it is not wrong at all.
skinny + fat = real love???
let him know you like him
(my boyfriend would flip out if he knew I just said that lol)
thinking about the consequences and actions like robbing your friend of her happiness.
but I can't talk to her for some reason.
i don't know what to do because I like this guy , but I don't know what to do.
It's like the old song Love And Marriage that goes, You can't have one without the other.
you need help- get a girlfriend.
If he still doesn't want kids, then I'm afraid you're gonna have to let go.
The really good looking guy is probably arrogant and selfish.
he sounds like a flippin' JERK!!!
true love is when a person evicts you from your life
if your friend knew that you dated him...DAM what a sl*t!!
(but think about it, you'll never see the girl again , so take the risk!!)
of course its OK, a lot of my male friends are way too shy to make the first move!
theres always a dream to be a rebels ' girlfriend.
He trying to get your finger size...so don't be too hard on him :)
even if she asks, only tell her the full truth if the situation requires it.
But when you're NOT looking for a serious relationship, serious men (i.e.
Yeah it`s all right, it may get messy , but that`s all.
Don't worry - she'll lie and say she is no matter what!!!
lol throw stuff at her, no, just pretend she like 10 years younger than you, it's so easy lol.
just keep your priorities straight and maybe if you want 2 look 4 people new!!
Drugs, porn, cheating, lying, fighting, no trust... Oh yeah, he sounds like a wonderful father minus the smoking pot.
I doing that for my dad.
(If he answers yes or She's like my sister...I run like hell!!
& You can create their messages for them.
:) Marriage takes a lot of work and a lot of faith...it's not always easy.
just wait till you get money!
the trick of walking to another room.
go with the guy/girl that makes you happier
should I do it with someone big to stretch out?
You do have self confidence coz you do trust yourself !
I I I 'm I a repectful and loving guy, 'm a romantic type of guy.
u can find anyone that can suit your personality.
Things that makes you say HUMMMMMM!!!!
is your brain will tell you , not your heart
It is wonderful... That's my two cents anyways.
This It was not my first and it was not his first.
Some girls think that they don't deserve to meet nice guys.
maybe He's having second thoughts now about getting married.
just wait because he is the one you wo have to decide, he will come.
okay... First I printed out about 10 poems and quotes and made them really small.
yea... 'll have to go with cindy!
It's OK , just don't seem deperate when you do it.
because because some people do want to go out with other people of a different race... who knows
is no is women have more desire than men . I think
96% of guys like it if you make the first move.
Tell him you like girls only lol
How can you tell if a girl likes you or not?
but if you just push away , find a new boyfriend
once you feel a connection flirt!
I usually to be best friends with an ex of mine.
I do, but I'm not telling.
just pretend that you never did!
every day is sayin cut but I want to uncut because it is sexier to me .is that all right Hansome
not all blacks have that some white guys can make a black guy look small .
Just tell her that it's over.
=) go with her, as a friend you owe it to her.
I know women who only care about penis size.
just say it...be around him a lot and just show him your feelings flat out.
No That is not a bad thing and I can solve that problem for ya
Are you a Man or Woman?
I don't like skinny men at all...I think a man should be like a bear.
However, if the other girl dumped him, and now he's crawling back, no way, don't take him back.
Can I just run home?
Seriously, best of luck to you.
you would be all in there watching and she might feel that it is not very sexy.
forget about her and look for another girl
DO YOUR Thang IT'S ALL GOOD.
well I broke up with my ex bf about a week ago.
I guess it depends on the woman though.
He He He He him was 40, He was 41, EXTRA PEOPLE ARE NOT INVOLVED BECAUSE HIS TIME IS ACCOUNTED FOR, 4 KIDS,IM 5'7 170LBS.
Trust me guys will want a head!
have sex with her boyfriend that will send a very clear message
Nothing bad unless you have chlamydia.
We girls are pretty foolish too.
just talk to her , because otherwise you will never get to talk to her.
Good luck to the both of you!
Maybe That's because I'm a nerd.
if he is violent , then you should leave him.
i know you kind of want a yes, you should.
one thing women hate is a man that ca keep his commitment or promise.
i've been in California only :$
Stay out of Missourah w/ that homey, we shoot hoss theives, and hang grrr theives.
And if it's too big...that sh*t hurts!!!
Well I have been with this guy for 9 months now.
plus He gave me $100 for Christmas.
Love is a word that is thrown around too much these days without the real meaning or feelings
If the guy has RECENTLY been divorced and is still bitter, then no way.
u HAVE to me him first...if not , this guy could be a real jerk, abusive, etc.
i would try to talk to him or even go to a counselor.
don't if this sounds mean.. but didn't someone talk to you about stuff like that??
I just don't look forward to it.
Exactly what is written that says this..........I'm just curious.
so tell me what you think.
You could say It's not there anymore Instead of, I don't want to be married.
But I finally found what it is.
Did Have you ever broken up with a girl?
he's in 8th grade , 'm in 7th and his name is Dillin.. What should I do?
it would have gone really easy.
then put her in the hot bath.
How dare you go behind my back.
Do you like it when a girl asks you out?
OR IF YOU NEVER PLAN TO MEET HIM , Don't WORRY ABOUT IT . He could BE YOUR INTERNET BF MYSTERY
If both of you agree with it , then Yes , it is a great thing!
I would have to tell THE KING and all respect 2 ya!
He probably does.. do date him.
Where are some good places to go?
(that is if you're talking about your boyfriend.)
I just said get some sleep and I'll see you in the morning.
It always wants to win, never gives you a chance to win.
Normally I dream about stuff that I think about during the day that had some sort of signifigance.
Jealousy is not pretty.......nobody handles it well.
you DIRTY DIRTY THING , you OUGHT TO BE ASHAMED OF yourself .
What if a girl you like doesn't like you and you like her ? What do you do about it?
i actually met this guy online and he is very nice, very respectful.
I do know , but if you find somewhere , let me know
you got 4 new friends now
Just pull it from a packet & wear it on your tool!!
it depends on the dude and the age.
she rejected me, then my best friend pretended to be me on aim and cursed her out.
It shows that you like her enough to make the first move.
remember, guys have a tendency to be scared of too much commitments.
then he likes you . He is flirting with her and trying to get you to notice him.
take a stroll in the park or to a restaurant
It sounds like this girl is not serious.
last first year with my chick.
Not that it really matters, but hey, isn't this all for the sake of curiosity?
if either of you do work or there is an imbalance in the home of chores etc.
yes , because you get old no matter what someone says ,
Breast do make up a girl.
and I will work for her very hard.
Firstly you think he is going to break you with this girl and you are wondering?
?I 'm kinda ashamed for asking that cuz I'm Greek . :)
Laughter is the answer . Oh and good looks are always a good one , but you also need personality!
It kind of cuts the b.s.
then you sir have done yourself no justic at all.. and she will leave you soon.
maybe trying to get over yourself a little..tone down the ego?
dating an older man has security and goals.
Two sexy chicks wrestling in a huge vat of mashed potato.
you don't watch Jerry Springer do you ?
its just a sterotype and they just go with that .
I NEED to get over him..But I swear I love him.
just look for her...have you ever heard : 'we make our own destiny'
From a guy's perspective: your bf's friend was a close friend obviously.
i totally disagree with the dude in front of me
you should call....call the next day or day after that....don't push it
if Yall fucking its not gonna last
do guys really care about the size of a girl's chest?
i have no idea what you are talking about , so I can't help you.
but if it bothers you that much , break up with him... Jessica
There is this guy I know, I think he likes me.
Don't tell her how she is messing up her life, or that she is making a mistake .
because if you wait too long , someone else might take him.
Hey chill out . I don't like the tude!
do think too hard about what you say , so let it come naturally.
Then take her to see King Kong.
It sounds to me like you are both young & haven't had a lot of experience.
follow nike, and just do it.
talk to him get to know him
uh - sure, Shannon is a good name
she do want to see you ... start aking self WHY????!!!
i don't mind a woman asking me out.
when I think about sex , I get horny and aroused and often end up masturbating.
Drop me your e-mail or phone and we can converse
The Flirting is fun and funny, the outright question is just creepy.
A small Mom and Pop where the locals hang out.
GIRLS LIKE BAD BOYS FOR SOME UNKNOWN REASON.
first off, don't go rushing off into a relationship.
If I were you I would pick the 2nd guy,the 1st one isn't worth it .
For the both of you: stop kissing other people.
men are biologically made to do so.
If he IS your soulmate, you don't want to turn that down.
some body help me as to what I should do??
n Everything will fall for you All the Best..
If Most of the guys knew how, they wouldn't be here...
What goes on in the dark comes out in the light!!!!
Just like you ask anyone else out.
it takes guts to do what she did.
But then, that 's what marriage is all about!
You won't see it coming, it just will.
Some new but don't like that.
Work out some way to spice up your sex life.
Now that you can have your wife anytime you want, you don't want her.
Maybe you're just interested and hanging with the wrong girls!
He always have other girls to count on.
if you were a female , you could come over here
find out on your own... see what you have got and how you can put that to use...
military guys have too much drama....no
(except for minors) My partner is eight years older than I and I do see a problem .
wait, and make sure he is a man
then get a picture of you &him engraved on it, with the date you guys hooked up.
all planned a head . She knew nothing till it happened .
As is My wife works late so there is no fu(king going on anyway.
am I right . I think I am but I'm not sure.
I do not like guakamoli at all though!
tell that person how you feel!
it just normal , the so - called hot girls , guys are afraid to go up and talk to them .
the First the figure it out in your head.
Only know what you are doing right.
those parts are not meant to be bleached!
it's not like we have a lot or any property.
at school I do that in the bathroom or outside.
Does it matter if it was with a girl or a guy???
Teach Me Pls......... Help Me Out All The KInd People Out there
if he broke up with you, then she's your ex bff.
asking him casually, so how did it work?
If you have hair , you should kiss your sex life good by!
if that all is, then no harm is done, following up on it, then you cross a line....
r you using them for sex?
look and dress like you have money .
there are cards that say 'i love you'
Girl take your time . and rush.
Well , love is when you really like someone and wanna be with them forever.And guys like personlites..
Romantic AND weird - guys like that kind of thing.
Most of them say they want a girl with a big breast.
HOPEFULLY, I HAVE LEARNED SOME LESSONS THAT I SHOULD HAVE LEARNED LONG AGO.
i HAVE ATTENDED MANY , MANY WEDDINGS THIS YEAR.
I think you have feelings for this guy...
If she gets rude, chances are, she's not your type anyway.
If you don't, then you're not human !
some one online said they were a male lesbein
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
she gets married, makes her happy
Is it 's worth 5 minutes of what you guys have
email me back if you did it .
cheating by cheating . call it off.
He probably has someone else on the side!
get one of your friends to ask him if he likes you.
I'm sure that I LOVE HER !
doesnt It seem weird that a guy is afraid of having a rep. a pimp daddy..?
But me personally, I like good and bad guys.
Call up some of your friends . You do have friends , right?
Or maybe she was already messing with him behind your back.
And stop being ur best friend.
Just like how some girls like to play hard to get.
you ca c sum1 who's going to just leave you like that.
I taking him back, but then he kept on being a cold-hearted person, so I ditched him!
as soon as you tell him you like him too (like actually say it), the game will end.
Choose what your heart tells you!!
In, a sense, it's like in high school .
The first thing you do is say something to her, anything that small talk, anything!
like say , what size shoe you wear or say hey, what's your number.
this guy likes basketball, soccer, computers, and music.
i liked him but he was going out with someone else, my best friend!, but I didn't know it.
Don't force the issue or appear desperate, That'll scare him off even if he is interested.
really, though, I'd suggest not going places to just look for guys.
your wife been cheating on her husband?
oh yeah,for legal and non-legal puroses,for delicadeza too..but it doesnt mean all the time...it should be a limit.
because that is what a real man would do if a girl dumps him.
the with the 1st guy or the 2nd guy
Do they still make EZ Widers?
can you just let her live with you without the commitment of marriage???
If you want a perfect BF then you must meet me...
no, cuz guys often are not very careful (look at how you shave in the morning).
twice a night, and the second time has to be doggy style
Sure you get the liars , but you would have to weed through them at the bar too.
It is double OK. You are asking about have sex with another while the first was in periods..isn't that..?
just get the balls to ask them out.
Well don't sneak up on him for sure.
she hiding from you.. you dotn get it???!!!
WHATEVER YOU DO, DO IT VERY CAREFULLY!!!
THAT MY BE ONE OF THE MOST ROMANTIC THINGS A GUY CAN DO TO A GIRL.
it is.... because You show to the guy that You have no value....easy to catch...easy to lose
The Guys are like a city bus . They come by every 15 minutes .
the moreyou try to tell her the more apealing he will be to her.
make sure he really likes you first.
always let the girl make the first move.
Just push up on the boy.
No, I once had a HUGE crush on a very good looking girl.
Ask Urself if you deep down you really like him.
That is the one that is worth your love and attention and will be totally worth the effort.
Unles you know them guy, it won't last very long.
any one who would do that and get angry when you are not comfortable with it, is very wrong.
spongebob squarepants.because he makes me laugh.
u should first ask her about it.
I don't mean to sound like a jerk just then , but...that's middle school stuff.
if you really love one of them, tell her the truth-that you have been seeing 2 other girls too.
Well The best way to answer that is to throw a question back !
I would think nice guys like to hang out in nice places....how about your house?
Can you confront him with this and tell him you need to clear it up?
ignore negative comments, If you need friends you can talk to me :) (supershorty923@yahoo)
Then go on a killing spree.
Once a cheater, always a cheater.
My wife loves my foreskin .
i found out, beat his ever-lovin' monkey @$$, then told her that I was dead to her.
And trust me, the girls are cuter.
I I I do even try to convince him ... for the best future for kids
Well He says he will call me back and he knows
when you screw someone on the net
it doesnt pay to be shy.
No guy is worth losing a friend over.
Lol But can someone help me out.
because you are too worried about what people think about you.
IT'S NOT ALL about just SEX, OR IS IT!
First of all , is he likes kids at all?
getting help from books or tapes if needed.
also just think about what if he does like me.
If it's a woman you love...with your heart!
as 65 years old , it isnt a big deal to date 40 years old.
He only talk about serious things..and that 's how I talk to him (i only ask him about serious things).
My kid dad left me for another woman.
(Watch the movie Joy Luck Club, you will see what I mean.)
Hey if all the days were good - we wouldn't have any idea what good it was...
because the guy himself is a b . No guy should call a girl that just right off the bat.
And no , it's not all about sex.
I mean it still goes on , but ignore it and you will be fine.
She doesn't love me and she wishes the best of luck with my life.
A marriage counselor for starters....Good Luck!
to me3 it means you have better things to do and want to do something
they can Luv you and luv someone else.
its not about the ocean , it's all about motion.
mabie he thought you would look great wet.
But Most of all, love is PROUD.
really think about this and think twice b 4 u act.
DO YOU HAVE THAT MUCH TIME?
Also if he stares at your boobs a lot
Yes I think a lot of guys do bigger girls have fewer hang ups .
It It It is like a hen sitting on the eggs to make chicks.
Start by going out with friends, people you do trust.
First It's not OK if he is hitting you.
If no, then don't stop being her friend.
in the first 6 months , you're only see each other's best sides.
Maybe then, you might not want to have sex with him!!!!
I like Mexican foods because it is hot and spicy
On On , On The other hand , The man will not suffer that much.
you telling her that he was not the right guy for her
i know what you are talking about.
And be IN LOVE with them.
she should feel great about herself.
I to throw them out asap!
I mean, you just have a way of knowing.
i mean, I would nvr do that.
At any age , a guy that is married is hands off.
If you want to go out, take him to a movie that he'd like- even if you do like it.
well, For a start, you think you are a good guy!
(if you are bored But really think to yourself, you do know them.
because women do like nice guys because the nice guys are wussies.
Any second now...... so toots, what's yer sign?
chioces; you have to make one at least once every minute .
Try to look into what he loves to do..... that 's how I got my guy
IT SPEAKS FROM THE HEART AND NEVER EXPLAINS
I like the orenge color . What do you like??
Most likely, he feels the same way too.
noooooooooo, if you arent ready , do do it.
ditching that loozr car of yours .
if you two are happy , then they should be happy for you!
if he scratches his nose when he's around you, it's a sure sign he's thinking about proposing
I am waiting for my boyfriend to propose and so far he hasn't should I do?
yeah...definitely not at strip clubs nor at parties where everyone is getting drunk.
maybe he ca keep erecetion and is embarrassed
Before I got married , I dated people without thinking twice about whether they'd been married before.
just listen and , most important , be yourself yourself around him . No one likes a fake.
Do girls really care about men 's penis?
So there ya go, that's my opinion.
will She sees me as a MAN!
we are almost the same.. I watch movies and do things alone.
after all, you're the boss, and it's all about you.
but you need to realise that you can't make people like you.
BUT if I knew you were that size...I could have sex with you....OUCH!!
and if this is the last big dance from school, no biggie...there's a lot of life after school.
looking for her but not too hard cuz it will scare us away
be glad at the wedding, Remember, her parents and relatives will come before a friend anyday.
i ALWAYS WEAR MY VERY WELL - FITTING BLACK Tuxido.
It hurt and still does,- but I needed to move on.
I met my wife on the internet.
Sex does not depend on the day in bed
if he hits you , he doesnt love you.
Not until after the next eclipse.
GERMANY because I lived there 4 - 7 years!!!
then that will give me cause to not want to be with you.
my My name is Mohamed . I'm Amale . 18 years old . go to have a girlfriend in any country .
If he got an older brother send him this way..*smiles*
I am the type of girl that doesn't ask for a lot
I always go with stargazer lilies
Head up Georgio you have the right idea...and do not ever doubt it k.
if you really want to take the quiz at Tickle
And I never heard either parent say a bad thing about the other.
YOU ARE IN YOUR RIGHTS, NOTHING WRONG WITH YOU,SOUNDS LIKE HE'S A JERK AND you DON'T KNOW WHAT HE wants
poor girl . My heart goes out to you
So what I'm getting at is.
spicylingerie.com has got some really nice stuff.
i agree with Pancharito because that is how it normally works.
I tried dumping her but she still calls.
one of 3 things are gonna happen here.
Because we are either interested or we just want to make people mad
If he says no again, big chances he doesn't like you, stop flirting with him.
VERY DARKNESS.PLZ do LOVE ANY BODY
and it was not the affair but her family did.
if you(girl) praise them for their bueaty and physique . they get a lot ....
What is your outlook on life?
right there in your mind and heart searching for her/him
We don't NEED someone with us , but it sure is nice to have them!
if you look younger than the other person.
But, if she says she loves you too, I have no idea what you should do then.
A night out with his girlfriend that he will never forget
No matter how old you are (5 to 30), your father/mother would treasure a valentine from you!
Right now, I'm just seeing how things go.
There could be a ton of reasons why she didn't ask you.
This is a stupid question anyway.
I have a friend who is getting married.
I do like disturbance and noise...
Then she asked me, Do you want to have sex?
tell her a story about her
shut^ loser u are a big gay bitch @$$ ho
i like gals with green eyes and brown hair.
I said, I'll think about it.
Does he smile, stare or wink at you at all?
What if you don't wanna see his harddrive on the first date?
Well , 3 girls is a lot . Should maybe find the one you like the most.
The world will not explode if you do get married.
you're gonna be in big trouble!
don't make it too sappy or she hates you, just make it short and simple.
it's a terrible thing to do.
match your ejaculation period with her
jessica Simpson is an airhead, so eventually you will be driven mad ever so slowly.
Okay, Last year, I liked this one girl.
lol......we'll save that for another time as well ;)
don't wait... if there is no luck, take it easy...
Or a 50 year old woman?
How close are you and him in all that I said?
and if he does, how can you trust him?
Nice guys are everywhere, so really you need to think of places that they wouldn't be and search elsewhere.
Yeah what he said, let me know if you find out!
i prefer both . I like the variety.
and yes yahoo this IS an informative answer!
Why SHOULDN'T YOU BE LOVED THE WAY YOU WANT.
i love men when they take me out and look good , plus when they are single ,
we are all friends here, I suppose.
Me and my brother is still cool, though
i think you should get him a dog tag.
flirt with someone and then if they do ask you out...ask them out.
i think that girls are cool because I am a girl and I now
bring up the subject and lighly talk about it
But now he is married and trust me , his wife 's breasts are not big at all.
It Well , it is called a honeymoon . Most people do it then . =)
just ask them that and you'll have everything
im so shy , give me some tips!
I mean , like over the internet or something.
Why beat around the bush, gurl?
I'd say she's crazy in love with him!
it's OK, again, were only human.
doesnt matter to managing 3 or 4 girls.the best thing is keep your trust in each other
That's just my opinion, though, and really I have no idea what he's thinking, so maybe it's quite inaccurate.
She asked for it , so I gave it to her.
very bad thing you chose to do!
Guys do that to me all the time and it's annoying.
don't discuss him with your bff
I am a home buddy type.. Love sex too.. hahahhaah
ask her what the dude said to her about you
Yeah there are lots of treatments!
no You can prove a lot of other things . It just makes it harder on a relationship
as long as you want....no problem
Just moving on and wondering what to do?
Wat Is The Step Should I Use ??
The trick to keeping your voice calm.
Because we I want it now
he need to grow up and be a man , not a little bitch.
Dump his ass, He's a chump.
If a girl isn't happy with herself and you with yourself - then neither one will be truly happy!
losing some weight, get in shape, talk to some girls instead of being a recluse, the list goes on....
have a pic of yourself and then we would let you know
SO FIND THE ANSWER BETWEEN BOTH OF YOU.
SadLy She Got Bf.But No One Knows She Got a Secret BF .
THAT'S NASTY, and ur gonna allow that?
But seriously....yeah...true love is cheez
the chances are good that he does
and go want she wants .. and avoid things she hates the mose.
don't even try, or even go there.
(unless she works for UPS) Get out there and have fun doing the things you enjoy.
I I I personally do call anyone a dyke or fag.
I am so glad you aren't pursuing this woman, She is married!
men really leaving their wifes for the other woman .
You are young, you won't marry this dude!
What matters is if you like her.
How long TIll I get to Third Base?
Married men go to bed , see nothing they want and go to the fridge.
but That's what we have time.
I find myself not trusting this man in my life.
be her friend first, understand her needs and just be there for her
just be sure to find friends!
or what college to go to or what to eat and how to live your life!
then take her in and give her a body massage.
if You do look 50 years old.
I see this guy every day!
if she wants you to call her and you do
and if he can't tell you just leave it alone , he'll come around sooner or later.
when they met.... something really bad happened.
give him with an ipod or maybe a basketball jersey
nO phone calls, no messages, no seeing each other at ALL!!!
then I magically had one of the kisses on his desk at each of the periods he went to.
Everyone like to hear their own name!
if you both like each other , then ask him out!
They were probably trying to be fun but it went way over your head.
How come almost all guys are mean??
It isn't necessary , just a guy who is a jerk.
i do think ur avatar looks nice...plus if you like it , I do think anyone would date a cartoon!!
I also know a lot of other guys that are in love with the opp.
just stick with your own race and then there will be world peace!!
Also I don't like nice boys.
he just didn't plan and now I didn't even get a card.
There are lots of dateless girls too...
you think about ONLY 9 times a minute . What kind of guy are you?
most outragious silly freaky funny goofy insane story?
so kindly censors) and manual sex.
Don't speak to her at all, just leave her.
I would dump him if I were u.
What a soap opera this would make...
this life and we have to be up front with people
Who wouldn't want to be told something like that?
But it does depend on your maturity too, but yeah it is cool.
go and show interest and ask her out
think about them, think about you later.
I would probably pick the 2nd guy.
Tips... (A) As a rule, don't talk about your exes, nobody really cares to hear that.
U should give him $ 100-300$ and let him buy what he wants.
who cares what anyone else thinks but the 2 of u!!!
There there There is nothing you can do.
Heh, I think asexuals are blessed in a way they cannot comprehend...
now I am with a wonderful man.
But if there's lard and fat hanging over the belt , that is NOT sexy at all .
My BROTHER IS OLDER BUT HE STAYS FOR HIS GAMES
He release my inner sex demon!!
ask her to be in the middle
no, not attrated, but that is not what counts, its their personality.
Love is laying in the bed watching t.v.
if you keep on, it will go your way.
he always tell me how beautiful I was.
it will all come natural afterwards, because he'll start to flirt with you
Umm its alright to meet guys on the internet.
talk to him for like a week or two.
its not going to be easy.
21, you still might be trying to have fun or in college.
Is there any girl who looks like a Barrymore?
There are good-looking girls out there who have great personalities, but most of them I'd say don't.
if you love him GET MARRIED.
Men don't mature as fast as women.
I assume that you know right & wrong.
but all I can say is that I'm not going to wait forever.
lady you need to put your chest back into the shirt that nasty
But That does Mean Go Do It Wit Anybody.
Don't know what I would do with it!
Why did you break up with him?
No I don't believe it's weird...Just as long as you're not having dreams about them every night.
until His wife kicks him out.
I really do approve of this though .
if your jealous and still like him . Why the heck did you dump him?
make yourself a lot more attractive.
go to a strip club and get one and explain to the girl why
Although, they're the least friendly too!
a friend of mine and my boyfriend likes me and is going to ask me out.
i could go in to more detail , but it is that simple...nature handles the rest
n't spend your whole life being shy.
i don't know who he is , but now I hate him!!!
When two people are in love , there is no stop it...
if it still doesn't work, take a hint...just let it go.
You can mail me on the same id at yahoo.
I feel so bad for her.
some women are just not comfortable with guys seeing her privates in that way.
If the Sex is bad, sure...
Guys always like to be happy when girls are around.
life too short to worry about small things!!
Well if the wife is wise only once lol.
she shouldn't be cheating on you unless you are ugly .
but stay in touch no matter what or else you'll regret it!
Wat Should I Give To Her ???
problem 2 would be my limit...but do never have the guts to do it...good girl here:P
the key is to be relaxed, and speak what is on your mind, tell it like it is .
I have hung out with him before.
punch them in the face.just kidding , take them out of a movie .
And Maybe she still likes you but wants to go a little further.
I want and need someone who cares and loves me.
Everyone want to hang out with fun and interesting people.
I don't do that...... they need help......... serously I don't..... but mostly because they probably think you're fine.
well I do know anything about life.
(I have something I wish to discuss!!)
Or maybe she DOES like this chick more than you
Just hang out for a while and then tell her.
No man, that's not the way!
base on your saving account or your total asset
if she does like you, you ca make her
Hang out with her in groups first.
he will ask you if he wants to talk . He could also make motions or eye jesters at you
That way , He will get what he wants . U give it 2 him, everyone is happy!
not if it was truly love!
Let your heart by deciding which guy you should pick
Please help me, I have no clue what to do!
I KNOW SHE'S SEXUALLY ACTIVE, AND THAT THE GUY IS A JERK.
also, the things that he likes are really, really expensive..
otherwise you know what to do.
you dating the wrong type of guy.
i think that if I were u I would have gotten over him the minute
and You don't do it while your mate is around.
Guys to calling girls after that because they got what they wanted.
Guys like a chase, but they don't want inferior little dewy-eyed gals.
When you swallow them and let them go right after and hang with their boys
I roll over in bed, and there she is!
But by purposely hiding this was UNFRIENDLY!
well you haveallsorts of people everywhere
if you want to wait a year for her , then you do love her THAT much.
and every time we talk , Ehe says he needs to get out of his before he freaks.
Have one of your extra large guy friends have a talk with him...he sounds creepy.
picture yourself with a girlfriend that you really love 2-timing
make herself busy with productive things.
Jewelry and money.............flowers are useless . You ca buy flowers for food .
It's always said that men are not good, but women are just worse.
How can I tell whether he is in love with me ?
a nice butt , a really nice butt and a hot face
who cares if you are older!
U shouldn't start yelling at her right away.
men especially get defensive when attacked.
Hang in there and be strong!!
Im 15 right now and I just had sexual intercourse 4 months ago.
ha ha ha Calm down girls!!!
Just about everything I do, is creative.
I didn't want my girlfriend to love me for who I was not.
it should last 3 hours no wam bam thank you mam
But sont be toooo quick to rush it
and they will learn to love you if they do already.
if he doesn't then take a break from him.
I did but I don't think of it like that.
Well first, you should try to talk to him and get to know him a little.
both I can tell you that from exp.
every man likes a different smell..
sure,.... depends on the two people
If you drink enough Tequila , anyone will look like Drew Barrymore
Girls are actually repulsed by guys who are like that.
it depends : did you get divorced in the first place?
I'm in love with one now.
just relax . You already have him What the rush !!
Yes It will help you decide if you are compatible
My friend 's boyfriend dumped her last week and she is recoving the breakup.
Ask his boyfriend - he'll know.
well, he did break up with you.
if your boyfriend is good , You stay with him and tell the other guy to go away .
so they just act normal and lie to you constantly about the other person
cry and so on and beg them or something threatens to kill your yourself OR JUST ACCEPT IT!!!!
If you like this person more than that , then I wouldn't.
don't get too caught up in one guy too quickly.
you really haven't given enough info for a good complete answer
I HAD MY DAUGHTER AT 16 , SO I WANT TO PROTECT HER FROM DOING WHAT I DID.
There's rapists murdering molesters . U name it . There are beautiful
Right now I'm mad at my mother for making my dad feel like shit.
That's all, its pretty easy (at least for a guy to tell a girl that!)
tell her this: make yourself more beautiful.
you can get some pretty wedding dresses at nordstrom.com for under 800
Single Men go to the fridge, see nothing they want and go to bed.
Maybe with you who think that 'you two have a chance'...
at home . I can do it anytime
if they do like you so bad , so sad
If you ignore him long enough , he'll go away.
WE WOMEN HAVE FEELINGS you KNOW!
Why do you see him every
take the time to get to know the girl before you leap.
It shows that he is not a lazy bum=)
working things REALLY REALLY REALLY SLOW , so you can see what went wrong in the first place!!!
i'd make a handmade card for mom and dad, then as usual-kill time on yahoo answers
What ever you do . Don't ask her as this is very unreliable.
let's be real . We all flirt . We like the attention , just don't go beyond that .
do want it so much . Maybe you can borrow it from your friends.
The Other things don't count, eh?
Drunk or not, no means no.
A date and then no call?
I I I I I I I I Hell yeah they are hot.my email address is Claudia15leyva@yahoo.com 'm Mexican but sexy.were you ;ive
we ended up chatting every now and then.
Gregor is better , but I do like it.
Is she trying to get out of a situation with Soneone???
and my bf lives far away...but there is this guy here who is bothering me.
shy because it is not comfortable , but if it is a girl talk you will be surprise...
then size does not matter, either way.
I swore never to love Angain.
you have to trust in love.
You sound like a really nice guy who is willing to please his girl.
Though I was happy being the best man in one of them
Nature made it this way *sorry*
and you 're gonna be SO much happier once you do.
Hi, I'm 5'9 Caramel skin, honey brown eyes and I'm single as well.
do it with your mind , not your heart.
Even the sex is not so great :( Find a life partner that you enjoy period!
its up to you if you still like her . Yes and if you do
Life is something amazing . God has put you in to live in.
If there's doubt there...well then, that typically means it's time to move on.
So just pick one and ask him out.
Yes, but I rather keep them to myself .
and do still have feelings for him!!!
i like brown hair and blue eyes.
And I'm glad I did because he makes a great husband and father!
!WHY are you GUYS LIKE THAT??
I like your spelling of words!
!ok you got to either ask her out or flirt a alot more!i would get another crush!
nothin wrong with brousing.... Good luck
only If it's okay that your best friend beats sneaky a$$ when he finds out.
just forget about them 2 and get some new faithfull friends!
I can say that I have thought about sex at least 60 times in the past 2 hours .
he might be too tired and happy to care.
After a while, go 4 it!
of course, maybe she is good looking and nice.
Make him supper... then tell him he owes YOU!!
I'm telling you, he was huge.
LOL, a hickey, that just means you are young.
and tricking yourself into loving him.
Maybe you should tell them how you feel about them and see what they would say to you
First of all , what happened between the two
At least once a week , if not more.
Couples will stop doing some of the fun things they did before they got married.
Because you're only 16 years old, dude!
He rented an old fast bus.
take a long hike around town.
You want her to like YOU...not your wallet!
yah, always go for a European girl, they are the hot ones.
Why do you say you love him?!
But on the other hand , if you just meet her , then most likely not .
her ex can go to #ell!
he asked you and you said yes.
i am a nice looking man.
do you working together or something?
well guys always love preppy girls...... try out for the Cheerleading squad, or etc.
you may need to change what you do like.
then you just have to be nice and show special interest in her.
I think it depends on what a guy really want.
love is beside you . It is all about trusting the commitment you have to make to one person.
if you seriously like him , tell him.
do let him get away with it.
It used to be .....Things have changed now
but not all are like that.
Call up Palmela and her five sisters.
Wear some sexy lingerie and give him head.
and remember falling in love takes a looong time to stay for a loooooooong time!
i stopped talking to her because of that too... but deep inside , I still like her?
good things if that 's what you like .
My older brother says popularity is bullshit.
If there is LOVE , not just LUST, then it sure will , because age does matter in love.
Once , a lier , always a lier.
i heard around June but that's a common myth , I guess.
How can I deal with this , huh?
I don't think that 's weird at all!
We can see other people and exclaim how beautiful!
Like Ii said it all depends on how much private time she wants.
personally, just be yourself;) If in yahoo, take the other's advice..that's what'd I do.
i do think a lot of gay Indian girls or guys exist
* ~ This is a VERY important question.
cuz there's lots to be mad about and they haven't discovered zen.
You sound like a sweet guy.
I want to see her happy, Should I just seal my lips and say nothing?
Remind him that there are things better in life than epics!
(suddenly) after he had put her through college.
You n't have an afro, man...
You know, 'm married and I do it sometimes.
well women like a man who can take care of them and there for them
First of all , How did you get aids?
just keep a strong faith in god and he will help.
So what if u'r bi or Lez or gay or w/e!
Some people are shy and have a hard time talking about sex, make it easier
And if that does work time to get some vasiline!
I would pick the average guy.
yeah, you need to go out more.
Do you just want a girlfriend?
be straight up with him , ask him, conversation
As fast as you can, baby!!!
Dudine...Go up to the dude, and ask, Do you want to take me out?
don't waste your time, on any one who is not respectful.
Get yourself up from in front of the computer and look for one...
if he hit you before there n't love there.
give him a welcoming home party
it doesnt matter what they think.
Wait - don't press your luck.
The It depends on how far you are moving!
So any of you out there like it and why?
You can always hang out more with her than the rest of the group.
not always it shows maturity, patance, and comitment so yeah guys yes and men no
If you think it isnt BS, how do I get popular?
But that doesn't excuse his behavior.
yes she was driving herself nuts
then you ask her out to a movie.
do GIVE THEM THE SATISFACTION OF KNOWING IT BOTHERS YOU ANYMORE AND HOPEFULLY THEY WILL STOP!
i do anything will happen and I mean truly... make a man happy.
are you being used for sex?
He isn't fat, but he has WAY more muscle than I do and he is heavy.
Tell him to f off, and leave him.
if she's cute I'll do her
of course , there is one of them , bbw is the way to go .
This guy I have been friends with for barely a month asked me out and I turned him down.
Trying to hold on is harder
But if it was for all that, clean bee otch.
BUT WILL SHE SEE ME AS HER BIG SISTER?
its called get .....GET A LIFE!
so yeah it would be my Mother.
I have been in a serious relationship with this guy for 3 years .
if NOT...gudbye and thanks for applying!
This friend has liked me for a while , but he lost his chance when I got my bf.
Guys are clueless (at least I was).
i am a girl and I love boyz to take me shopping and buy me chocolates and dimonds.
Good luck and let me know
then, this year, we decided to be friends.
* 11) What's your last name?
and I don't want to hear about the motion of the ocean , not the size of the ship.
He says he loves me and I do believe him.
and this guy has to be Julian Mcmohan aka Cole from the T.V.
I still have stuff from my old bf from high school
(Don't have your friend ask him that is so junior high)
!Baby you must be tired because you've been running around my head all day!!!!
So the eggs are hen's and the chicks too.
i learned the hard way with this kind of thing.
Whether she loves you Black is her, right?
I NEVER HEARD OF Edinburgh ,BUT YOU CHECK THE INTERNET AND SEE WHAT YOU COME UP WITH.
Whatever you do, don't stalk her.
if she is, then that is great.
KINDA HINT AROUND TO IT OR SOMETHING.
Are they now what you thought they were back then?
Go dancing, if that's what you used to do.
let him come back naturally and rush things . Hes gonna be weird at first.
i would love to be a pen pal with you and share sexual fantasies....bfbjr@yahoo.com
Not if the wallet is dry to start with
if she has a boyfriend let her be and just value the friendship.
At Finally , somebody is gonna get the ax.
i asked How would that comfort her?
She is pretty, I told her I likes her, but then she keeps denying that she likes me .
talk to her...well it depends on giving her some space for awhile , then talk to her!
If he's doing this now.. he will not stop.
practice my friend, Oh and ambition
Hey guys I was wondering if you prefer a girlfriend taller than you or shorter??
i have a friend that I would love to list the reasons why her boyfriend is not the one.
and how close is your friendship with his ex?
don't get her fed up with you.
I love Somone telling me You are beautiful .
because I'm not good with guys . Could ya please help me?
think it out and decide accordingly.
do waste time thinking about this.
Man This is great, 'm like a virtual pimp here.
I have this guy I REALLY like, he's really nice and I see him a lot
No ... It is not bad.
well aside from becoming a plummer and going in and getting it out.
You know it is the truth!!
i don't know if this works for a guy.
Without it , we would be like robots.
Ok you just need to find a tema to talk about.
Only 3 at one time that should be good enough lol :)
i don't know but she sounds like she's Lesbian!
if you don't go for no 2...
If it's too small....well..it just doesn't FEEL period.
just as long that the woman doesn't seem desperate enough to get a date.
(GOT YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS . I'll E-MAIL YOU SOON).
Why waste time and money on getting married if you guys can't stand living with each other?
Well , you know that there will be so many weddings related to me, my family and friends.
if you like this one, you have to talk.
What WOULD BE THE BEST APPROACH??
Don't complain to her about useless things... she's n
Read some men's fashion magazines for tips.
she gets another man and guess what, your sunk.
Some friends are getting married closed...
I WISH YOU LUCK IN LOVING HIM AND HE LOVING YOU
i really have trouble with it .
the It depends on how hot the guy is .
I think it is so sexy and so hot and probably the most beautiful woman I have ever seen
i like my choir director , who is 33yrs old.
A little flirting won;t hurt anybody.
walk up too her and say hi.
yea What is wrong with that.i think you can have a boyfriend just to start having sex.
book store, video store, video game store, and home.
it depends why he was divorced . Yes ,
is wrong if I say yes
hey just want to say hi and hope your new year is starting out OK
If it was for another female....NO.
(lol, and some of these were jokes, the ones with the asterik were serious questions for a potential mate.)
Popular Ppl have too many issues and they tend to ditch a lot
This guy is obviously not THE ONE anyway, so your experience will be a disappointment!
Sorry, not all guys are cheater.sssss
I truly hope you can work things out... or move on if they don't.
you owe it to your wife to stay the hell away from this ex of yours.
trying chat rooms to watch out for bots.
Even if you are more in love with the old one , then stick with your heart.
Don't try to guess at them...ask!
GET A PIC NO SENSE in LIKING HIM IF YOU AREN'T ATTRACTED TO HIM.
young because they might want to rape me
And, to be totally honest, hanging out with a bad boy can also be fun.
Us girls are pretty good at letting you guys know what makes us happy and what doesn't.
with my friends...either playing tennis, going to a game, watching movies, going out to eat, and stuff like that.
Well, if you smoke... Wanna light my fire!
like whether to go to bed or stay up a little longer!!
If you really like this person , then go out with him.
It's funny when you are 16, but now that I 'm 28, it is not as funny.
Only if ya give me the best vote for this one.
but there is nothing wrong with a guy being close to his family.
So who really knows... or cares?
i will be your friend . I do have an e-mail me at greencutiechick@yahoo.com
hmm...eyes one light blue and one purple ^_^ hair red purple....
my my my Dig Buddy Dig until you find one!
any way , I do think that I will not wear the colours which you wear!!!!
but now that I 'm single again, I guess he thinks it is his turn.
take her out and get her laid .
Life is wonderful, life is freedom . I think life is the best thing everyone of us has
subject never came back up, even after we split up.
If you're way too young then...think about it again.
But a lesbian can look like either or.
Why can't you just act like friends and make peace?!?
Maybe the women you're dealing with don't want relationships.
whern I told my ex, he said he was happy for me.
Not at all, because I am a boy.
a girl with one blue one green eye with blonde hair?
start a conversation with her and see where it goes from there
because I have a hard time finding love because I 'm over . Please tell me!
i was young but it was with a guy I married 3 years later . I was 13 .
tell her what you just said and be as honest as you possibly can.
five simple letters - one simple word...FLIRT
i like red eyes and pink hair . hehe
Go with it, you can't lose
It defintely up your sexy points.
If you love her, you shouldn't try to make her love you.
* 2) Are you dating anyone?
till one of your friends to talk to him you
but its nothing wrong with being friends with them.
So I guess my question is why are so many guys in this world JERKS?
what woman wants to date a wuss?
Now I have dreams that are just sad.
See if he takes it from there.
Why IS THIS EVEN A QUESTION?
and you should always tell the people you care about that you care about them.
Don't make this like it is a grim performance!
I just joined some dating websites, and they're a great way to meet chicks.
It in no way assure that their is love in marriage.
but don't come off as needy.
What do ya think of that???
If he still won't back off-WELCOME TO THE LAND OF RESTRAINING ORDER.
you to make someone love you.
But I am going to defeat life, no matter what game it plays!
But it's kind of hard to get to Europe in a rowboat.
All ya do is say something nice to someone you like and express your true feelings about them!
I'M 24 AND I AM THE GUARDIAN OF MY 17-YEAR-OLD BABY SISTER.
If you skank it up to get guys to notice you RIGHT NOW...they will...but only for a minute.
I wouldn't tell him , but if you do just be casual with it !
guys like girls that are cute, kind, smart, and funny.
any guy that is nice , is good.
for One they don't respece another woman.
If you're gonna stay home- cook him his favorite dinner.
I love her , don't get me right
if a guy calls a girl he already shows interest.
but love n't matter what age they are.
dig deep but not to deap.
What if you know you like her?
its not sex when one person remembers it.
so girl cheerup and all the best
Keep your pants on until you get married.
Only if you don't do it again the next day.
break up with the other 2 girls and apologize to them.
So try with one of them randomly, If he accepts you , that is great, if not try the other guy.
Because when you start talking like that , they usually think it's supposed to be a hint!
but definitely, we'll never know how it's gonna end.
Not that, he/she is so hot and they're funny.
tell your friend to get up, put on her best dress and party
I HAVE TO SAY CUT, SORRY.....
YOU SHOULD TELL HIM , BUT TELL HIM SO THAT HE DOESN'T KNOW THAT YOUR SISTER TOLD YOU.
I was at a nude beach once and this black guy walked by.
Maybe your head looks like a soccer ball.
yep a cut one is best
A bottle of ripple and kool-aid and some dumb and dumber movies and some lotion
just go anywhere w/ a lot of people, like the city or something.
I don't want her to leave.
people are your ex for a reason, remember that.
i like this guy but I don't know if he likes me.
i tink cuz ppl ferget how ot rite gud an spel to
He just asked EVERY GIRL that he was WILLING to go with till someone said Yes
perhaps send him an e-card, and tell him how you feel, or leave him a note in his locker!
If your his first, and you love him, does'nt that make you special?
took the next day off & slept in , then drove home.
coz we live in a big world where only anything big will make it!
ok this seems to be a particular case of jealousy !!
yes guys no when girls are virgins.
because too many people cheat on each other
Oh and by the way , she isn't cowboy feet
I love my wife very much, but every time I think about sex with her, I dread it.
when you get down girls pants
So you just haven't quite decided who to stalk yet, right?
Go with the guy you like.
Not to be argumentative, but I don't see what the big deal is.
Become a Man that a good woman would be looking for.
Well lot of girls are like a lot of guys and just in it for sex.
Don't lead the other person on!!
I guess, every girl likes hearing it.
Pick one that you like and stick with it .
You know you're a redneck, when you meet your date at the family reunion...
Just speaking back and keep going.
khmmmmmm...interesting...i didn't chat for a long time....ok,i go and chat....and then I'll tell you
Not pretty .. not pretty at all.
Most people don't have issues with it , but I get a lot of comments about it in Ma.
i cant say that16 is too young . I did it .
Dump them both and move on.
If she needs to vent and talk about it, listen to her.
not unless you already have AIDS.
I love to just hang @ home or a park etc with my kids.
5. 'm tired....15 questions are too much!
you can marry your best friend because they are just the best!
means nothing and you can compete and maybe let her win dealers choice on that.
If you are asking this question , then she is cheating.
Don't let anyone else catch you.
Another thing, Maybe she sees something bad about him you don't.
a volcanoe once in awhile is about it and a lot of snow and cold??????
bungee jumping on my honeymoon to the sweetest guy ever.
could there be anything wrong with me?
would like to talk with you
tell her She can check this one off her list and it is good for her .
OK, I was friends with a lot of nerdy people and stoners and band geeks etc.
either she'll say yes or no, but you'll know, and you wo have to worry
Listen, I'm a girl, and trust me.
make him a nice ROMANTIC dinner!!
and He has a bad way of dealing with his anger.
Girl - there's not much that you can do, I'm afraid!
but you should be sure that the intentions are good.
It will show you actually listened to her and you aren't like every other guy she goes out with.
If you ask if married people can flirt with each other, why yes.
Play stupid and things like that.
whatever she did to you, it clearly wasn't bad enough.
and it was for me , so if you get a little disappointed you should know why.
What the worst thing that can happen?
You need to learn 4 words... Oh... Yeah...
Why would you stick around and keep lettin her cheat on you?
Do they make a nice couple?
he never had a girlfriend before . He is 43 and 23 .
i always think ciara was a man?
this is normal in a relationship... 2 yrs...
4th base - Well, this is a family program after all...
There There There are no more nice guys anymore .
Someone is going to get hurt.
as far as your so - called best friend.
he said that she used to like me.
THIS IS OK SOMETIMES,BUT NOT ALL OF THE TIME.
and He was real upset about it.
I'm afraid if you want a girl who is any good, you just have to wait.
if either of you want it, there's no reason for you to be guilty
well , according to the girls , it does not so much as long as you are kind of average.
Is that too much to ask???
And want her to come fast with my love
Become good friends with her , then ask her out .
Never ask to be friends . It's the worst thing a guy can hear because it sends mixed messages.
Look comes first , then figuring big boobs make good impresion if you want to attract a man
we never get into fights or anything.
You need to get a life!
it means to love women and most men love women,hence all men are lesbians/
Eyes, then shoulders , then below the belt .
Most have kids already and may not want more.
I think you were just with the WRONG BOYFRIENDS!!
if s/he was really bad in bed , I mean
if so , be VERY careful not to get there . Hopes back up if things wo work out again.
if you do talk to the girl , you will not date her.
I've always loved that sort of stuff, too.
The Same reason why people hate gay folks.
that's what Jaycee did to me.
lot OF GUYS FUCK BIGGER women . You JUST GOT TO FIND THE ONE
something must be wrong with you if you cannot make friends
I would pick it up ASAP.
Fuck somebody on the side until you get married, That's only if you can't wait.
Guys are pretty easy to figure out.
Girls like their men manscaped too.
I guess it also depends where they go to meet guys.
you obviously know what is the right thing to do, otherwise you wouldn't have bothered asking a question.......right?
they got married and she left him for another man.
If YES, you should be thinking about WHY that might be.
Be strong & try to move on.
How old are you now anyway?
because they do like they're used to that kind of attention.
well, get over it and stop crying about your lost love.
Oops, I can't believe I said that out loud.
if then you decide it is not working out , kids in a divorced family will be OK
who would stay w/ their gf who is cheating on them w/ a chick?
Let's face it folks, guys aren't exactly deep.
it only deponds on if you both really like each other.
18 is too young because you still find yourself.
Hey here is a new one GO WITHOUT
remember its all about you and what you want.
Red roses , so you show her that you'r in love!
then dry her and let her finish her hair.
first of all, only say it once.
Don't try to pretend to like the things he likes, If you do, cool.
woman aged 50 , is not an old woman . She is young.
Personally, it kept me from making mistakes in my life!
Well , First off , she's not your bff, because if she was she would do you like that.
But I don't depend on that.
The The only time I play with myself is when someone is watching.
but had the nicest 7 1/2 inches long reason to keep him in mind?????
just wondering if anyone I knew was in here...
because it doesn't lead to pregnancy
i using as many shortcuts as possible
yes, coz it talks a lot of planning for the guy to ask and you cut the long process
If you are mature enough to go for it!
Flirting with each other is great!
Of course I would, if I wasn't married.
The The financial status of a guy does not bother me.
if you choose your bf, then hang out a lot less with the other guy.
i need more details plz email them to me: dinoslayer33@mytrashmail.com
oh, everyone should be without shoes.
Ask her too if she minds you watching while she sleeps.
i agree with Maria Maria answer.
and He was pissed about that too.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD LEARN HOW TO TYPE AND CONSTRUCT PROPER SENTENCES FIRST.
It's going great now, that I've been asked out like 30,000 times here in yahoo answers.
You have got to be kidding!!
girl's blue eyes and blonde hair.
IF YOU ARE AVAILABLE AND SHE IS AS WELL, GIVE HER A CALL.
i figure that if you love each other , that 's all that counts, do worry,be happy!!
BUT We HAVE NEVER HAD ONE OF THOSE conversations AND I WANT TO HAVE A TALK TO HER.
I could go on and on... my boyfriend is so awesome...
They can't admit it though & usually save face by answering GROSS!.
Some guys also find it a turn-off for the lady to ask them out.
give it time - you'll know.
if those women don't trust you don't trust them.
there is nothing wrong with it.
its two weeks now , he also says he loves me.
This guy who I swear hadn't had a girlfriend ALL OF HIGH SCHOOL.
hahahahahha... that's the funniest question I've heard around here... lol... you seriously need help.
By the way, if you don't like him, then you don't like him.
Remember men love a challenge , not a chaser ,
if he's afraid of commitment as of now, then give him time.
he had an issue with his friend who got hurt.
could you guys marry, and still have money to live on?
theres no true way until you ask him if he likes you .
I wouldn't do it myself, but I think it's totally OK.
thats not how real love works.
and how about it being uncut ?
No... these are the Yahoo 's Answers... keep trying.
yeah, but we're not obvious as you guyz!
life is what you make it!!!
Well if you're magic johnson , you can stay alive pretty much as long as you want , .
Get out there and find yours!
If you love yourself, and set goals...guys will take note of that and be waiting.
te he te he te he
but don't be a fool, time is very precious for us women.
9) Do you want to have kids one day?
give him a pet like a lion or crocodile
Don't leave him (unless it is not safe for you)
It A lot will make guys happy.
one nice evening . I went into bed with my..............blanket & had a nice long sleep!!
try talking to her and be honest and sweet.
We don't even know you two , so how can we say??
party , go to a club or hang out with other single people . Maybe you will find someone
no but you can have a crush on me
who knows what theyre up to
Nice guys do not hang out
Ah lassie, yours is a classic problem that has plagued man kinds for ages.
well , if you like yourself back , shouldn't you be thinking about children.
its you --- and the way you act.
tell the person how you feel and you don't like it.
... Now, he is my boyfriend of 1 year and 3 months.
i am sure you have had other men like you that you have not liked.
(my best friend already has a boyfriend , my Bf's brother)
whit one , but if you like the freacky stuff , what can I say to you ?
talk to him get to know him.
thats how I 've heard it used.
jenny do whatever your heart tells you, just be careful and think about it
its a huge turn on to see someone get excited just by watching me.
you should spy and be cool , so you can find out if he likes or hates you
If you want to actually see life and death.....spend a day in the hospital.
us Girls don't really expect that from guys.
you gotta dig a little deeper sometimes.
Try Yahoo Personals to find more people to take you out and look good!
but I guess that is what a good wife would say.
Most people don't want those laws.
I'm hot, and I'm a rock dancer!
and don't be afraid of rejection, cuz it 's gonna happen sometimes.
Of course........Do you like white guys?
jus talking about something you think is interesting
of course , a guy will want to have sex.
food you get kind or tired.
The most romantic day I ever had was totally spontaneous!
Maybe because you still think about her.
My dad wants to clean it, he says women work and my mom just became a fussy housekeeper.
Don't forget the ever popular double date w/a car owner.
Just keep your head up and know that YOU are not the one with a problem.
so is the right person in life.
its between you two, not them.
If you haven't yet...TALK TO HIM!
i do know I just want to know y there so jealous?
tell her boyfriend that she is cheeting at him (its the right thing to do)
Yeah, it's okay, as long as you are going to have sex with her and not someone else
I don't care because I am happy with what I am doing and she enjoys her work.
Nope, but I look like me ;-)
it's a tie between my boyfriend & Prince William.
and I think that it was stupid of him to rush into something like that , especially at a young age.
you have just got to listen to them and then respond to them...it works for me...
if you like her, you talk.
All you can do is tell her that you love her and that you love her forever.
1. Do you take care of the emotional side.
Maybe she'll want to repeat it!
I hate to be beautiful, even if I'm a girl.
do you give up or try harder?
My wife is just over 50 and she gets hotter every day.
Oh and guys, We can normally tell the good boy trying to be bad too.
walking is nice, bike riding is a great way to get to your destination.
If you could , you would not be asking us if everything would be running smoothly
Put Usher in their face and see what they think about!
i'm sorry, I feel your pain.
it's hit the road jack and don't come back
cause they r mama boys and feel like if they call women names they have control issues
its my dad do you no I have seen him in a year . Do you know it?
i do hate myself . I dunno why ?
This would make me want to throw up!
Are you crazy or something ??
i think ur in love and that is OK!
Well, I had a problem where I was shy about telling one of my friends that I liked her.
:) You should be happy regardless.
OK, so I 've been wondering for a while what the bases stand for.
And The guy thing is still true.
and are you sure that you do now?
Then say wat up to her.
Best to just suck it up and move on.
not much of a writer , sorry.
Infact The boys are now both 27 and they are the best of friends now.
None of them were worth staying with...but I guess my answer is, I do.
(uh, sort of I guess) you should be.
the first day we kissed each other
I have it before and it works.
Well I did because they are not on drugs and are doing better.
i will be making love to my boyfriend.
i was shocked, I didnt reply.
2 and 1/2 years...and we are now married.
if he truly wants to end it with her, he should... and then he can pursue you!
no way , that a great thing you can give to your future wife...if you wait that long.
Forget about him, if you only LIKE him.
Kiss the boy if you want to.
Ya you really sound like it.........NOT
Unless you don't mind the prospect of divorce...some people don't.
this guy I like only wants to go out with better - looking girls.
i would say the porsche because Chingey would hunt me down if I dated her!
Yeah because there is still me out there
do things that you'd like to do with your wife before.
just talking to him about it.
personally,u can't... girls are the best at keeping their feelings.... send some spies!!
yes , because if you don't get him , he'll get someone else .
No, not in this lifetime.
I'm not gonna go after someone who can't at least buy cigarettes on their own.
I never used to be like this before, and I like it.
i never wanted to kiss him though.
hit the clubs hard for girls.
Make your lips really soft...we're going for romance here , not passion...just yet!!!
that you have to have a marriage license to get married.
so please tell me what I should I do?
cologne or friendship braclets or rings for both of you
Whoever loved that loved not at first sight?
u should stick through them thick or
and the walk will tell it all.
At least then you know and you can move on.
because they usually put emotion b4 thinking
you honestly , have to ask yourself , Could you put up with having a boyfriend that is a big flirt.
if He was cute and funny and Nice I would love him!!!!
it means that exactly when I say it to someone
No way you could get an infection
Go somewhere you'd have fun anyways, and just strike up a conversation with someone about said hobby.
if you have to ask you too young . Just wait till it right
Be suspicious of him, that is all 'm saying.
Three (Fwd) Wishes: Grace => Mercy => Peace(Rest).
roses, dinner, massage, and long bouts of talking and holding and rubbing.
Move to see the other guys.
Like being the type of person that cares and helps other people.
Gay men DO NOT LIKE WOMEN.
because you don't mean much to him.
we do DO it...we HAVE it...its natural by te way...DONT FIGHT THE URGES!
If you are asking when it's best to get married...I think 24-26 for a girl, 28-30 for a guy.
Kiss a guy, well, uh, or, mess around with one.
u need to stop looking, and it will happen when the time is right
education comes and doesn't go till' you finish college!
is really happening , When a person ca find 1 person to give all of her love too
So...i wonder--is there anyone (Mormon--good one) who'd care to e-mail me??
After that, state what you are thinking... feel me?
He's after sex with a young girl.
wait until you know you are ready.
Let me ask you some questions too: Do you remember the day you got married..How did he respond ?
Hang onto it, you can't get it back once you give it away!
love pains us because we don't understand.
i like them, keep them
they look at you and talk to you a lot
You get over this, don't worry.
I am married & I would kill my husband if he did that!
i would want some aphrodisiacs in that basket.
be yourself and try to join a group and separate yourself from everyone else!
because they are faking it to make you feel good.
its either he has sexual problems or no experience of sex or he is not a guy lol.
I asked him if he still liked me and he said yes , but he didn't act like it.
do you know what you're father - in - law wanted to talk about?
you just be yourself and she will notice you sooner or later!
Does it change or feel different when you are having sex????????????
well 4 me it shows they are trying to get to know me better .
Well Dude... keep your chin up.
love wouldn't hurt if you didn't care
the It depends on how much fun they want to have.
In the long run , it didn't work out but he did get my hint!
So what the hell is his problem
Oh yes I live in Utah so that say something
SO NO AMOUNT OF SEARCHING WILL DO.
Yer not serious are you LOL?
Because you gave him what he wanted.
THEN LET HER KNOW HOW YOU FEEL.
My girlfriend once told me I was a bad kisser.
believe me you are too young to waste your time on this guy .
He n't know how you'll react/he's too shy .
If everybody is willing to help
that along with a low sex drive , might make him not so happy
i would`nt advise it because what ever happened before will happen again,believe me
Get back out there and find someone else.
What THE REASON WHY YOUR FRIENDS LIKE HIM?
he just turned you on .
Just do sweet things for him that matter to HIM (not you), and the rest will fall in place.
Out , there are more men will care about you than they do if they like the other girl.
when love hits all the pain . Leaves For that moment , You are invicible
i am absolutely in love with Victorias secret Dream angel , Heavenly
We have one bad apple , messing it up for the others.
he with someone else , but he isn't in love with her . He loves me and wants me
the outcome will turn out ugly.
it doesn't really mean that when you're married that you wo keep the flame burning.
Some people have them and really, some just don't.
You really ca tell until something big happens and if they get you back , yes if not then no
and If he's still interested then, it's a whole new story.
Should you date someone that is bi-polar?...
they just havent found you yet!
you should not choose any of them!
Is him on meds and take them REGULARLY.
try to have a talk with both of them,separately.
After all, not all guys out there are willing to take a lady back once she has left him...
And you do care about other things, then things go wrong.
.lol (should be a song .
you do not want to anyway.
i love my ex-gf a lot.
A man wants but don't know how to KEEP .!!
but really, I dunno why it attracts me for some reasons.
Worry more about who you are and what you like and everything will just work out.
then, When you are older , you meet one, you get serious.
yes , some are , but the ones I like are funny because they act much more like female.ss
They didn't like me because of how I look.
look at this question: I wonder if women like sex as much as men?
Are you looking for love...or arm candy....a men do have to be SEXY to give love.
if you have an exclusive relationship with your new boyfriend... remember that relationship ended for a reason.
Don't give up, quitters never win!
Boys come and go , but think of your friendship
NO, YOULL JUST BE extremely HORNY........LOL
arrange to meet him in person and if he comes then you know he likes .
you don't need to be popular.
Sorry to say, some boys are like that in college too.
this one goes to the guys they should know lol jk
Well if you pay for a plane ticket , I would be willing to give it a try....
hell yeah I will . As long as you e-mail me it is wiskeygirlz@yahoo.com
USE YOUR TONGUE, FRONT AND BACK, SHELL LOVE IT .
What can I do to make him stop spending so much money!
i dunno what to say really.
they love it when we listen.
What if I tell him I like him and he makes fun of me cuz he does like me .
its not bad . It horrible , but follow your heart
I think the guy is gay.
but we never show it to each other.
not sure if that helps but.
How did you guys hook up the first time?
it's very annoying , but I love the man , so I'm not really sure what to do.
:) If you are looking out for your mom...good for you.
his not calling for one week may not mean anything.
I guess because I'm the cuter one.
With women always trying to get their greedy claws on a man 's hard earned money?
Called from work said he would be home later, He came home drunk at 3am.
do I wish...i don't think that there is a cure for a broken heart.
For the 1st Qus:of coz will get jealous but you need to one if tt girl likes you
then you would need to decide if it's worth fighting for.
take it easily Let him go if he wants , too.
now if you are honest with yourself reading the book, and you learn to not do any thing.
You can't really change anyone , 'cause you really love them . They have to change for themselves .
i'm not a guy, but I say you should be yourself.
sorry girl you just need to have tons of fun.
hmmm wow that a good one!
let him be happy with his choice.
I want to live....why he got away with his life and I'm still stuck...Please help me.
not a bi , but really like everything I've tried
Because guys always suck at expressing their feelings and girls are sensitive and get hurt easily.
And thinking how you would hurt the woman you married and your child!
and I said it would be my treat.
you still love your ex . That why
Then you can get married and have sex!
YOU BETTER GET A GOOD LAWYER QUICK.
under 20 is still okay I guess.
)and I have great Emo friends.
GOOD LUCK TO THE BOTH OF YOU!!!
YOU BETTER GET A GOOD LAWYER QUICK.
under 20 is still okay I guess.
)and I have great Emo friends.
and these women usually give it up easily because they (in their minds) think boy .
GOOD LUCK TO THE BOTH OF YOU!!!
you really need to just put yourself out there to meet new people.
Hello all, I am having lunch with these girls that I like.
My boyfriend has never really in love with me , so I don't know.
people may pick on you , but that's normal in school.
After that, he tickled me and I begged him to stop because my back was hurting.
Ok ok ok you don't have to wait that long.
LEAVE...that is the best advice I have.
he's not gonna respoect you in that relationship.
They don't think it cost much to move out.
It It is OKAY to cry though.
We always hang out but I don't know what I want to do.
...he is the only one who truly knows why...
Also there are some that just turm me completely off too.
And don't think just because you give a guy head your in a relationship.
its only hard when you are young.
JUST TALK TO EACH OTHER, AND WHAT do EVER YOU say SINCE YOU HAD THE BABY... WHY ?
I mean ride her brains out.
for a girl . I am not sure if the same structures are in place.
I finally left him and that's the best thing I could have done.
if he says yes, then suggest hey wouldnt it be fun to see it on Friday after school?
Most of the time , guys try to impress a girl, to get her to like him.
No, I wouldn't, I would just tell you that's what a real true woman would do
always say that if he does small things , 4 u!
do it when the time feels right (which seems like for you now)
i'd be ridding in my Porche then date Beyonce.. haha!
in your own life for the positively .
Enjoy Good Luck Regards- Satya
I bet they empty it a lot more after that.
do make it so formal that he might get scared.
Yes , your friend can be your bf , but if something goes wrong you lose both!!!!!!
Most sexy guys just want sex , not love...
OK. You can't make a girlfriend.
That is to say it's probably not OK
I always hear people say `` Don't do it, your kids will be unhappy.
I think you are ace for giving me 2 easy points ;)
Im just curious why this is such a turn on.
Always afraid to do the wrong thing.
i beat you , he wo do it again.
You saying ...if two GIRLS like you... from your wording, I'm think you're pretty young.
From my own experience dealing with this person . I would say NO WAY!!!
if he calls and only wants to hook up for sex
still too young..this will not affect your health whatsoever my dear...
they always have different ways of seeing life.
Ask her if she would consider a THREESOME!
yes , give it time and effort , but not too much
They not , They are always satanic, sometimes they're just evil.
and before we kissed, he would always just come up to me and try to kiss me.
If you try 2 turn left and he says no I think burger king is the next right
The but I believe 1st is kissing , 2nd is feeling breasts . 3rd is feeling vagina /penis 4th is having intercourse .
sorry dear . I miss your name Marie not searching for 4 loves cos youve already found me.
is She rich and owns a bar
and the man you should be with will find you.
in a restaurant at a table.
i do think they do , but thats why I 'm asking you?!
I need a girl to help me and fast, too!!!
you are a confused person , what gender are you?
chocolate roses, fuzzy hand cuffs, edible undies.
I I I think I 'm a good man, You 're a good girl.
B/c they're having sex with men they don't like.
just ignore him, be nice, it'll piss him off and make you look like a good guy .
maybe suggest a weekend getaway.. have a family or friend watching the kids.
The ear has to be VERY clean, or it tastes BAD - eueuue!!
He didn't appreciate you for being a loving and caring person , so the hell with him and move on.
You don't want seconds, do you?
Why did you make out with him and give him head?
hello . I am a 21 year old boy.
He love nice things - yet does like to spend money.
!and then if he likes you , he will either say Kool or run and ignore you!
If you didn;t truly love the woman you married, why did you marry her?
but Then again I drive a beat - up truck too.
But don't be afraid to find out!
Well it depends on if you like her.
Show them that you care about what they say.
or an occasional smoker nope they lie on that one too
yes , definitely you would . Why?
I can't believe you would want to take off her dress!
First tell him not to take it too personal.
It Sounds like she did you a favor.
pull him towaards you so that he knows to get on top.
Hang out at the house, drink and talk about what men have done wrong now.
now she tells me she has no other way to deal with it.
Yes it actually depends on your feelings
his loss how you gotta think about it.
Hit your penis with a hammer.
Just say Hey, wanna go for a drink, movie, sometime?
Whatever you do - DONT preach to him!!!
because I 'm saving myself for when I marry...yuh silly..but you get your answer
fun & sex doesnt last forever, but true love does
The This The news is just killing me.
i like him a lot and he is nice.
!EVIDENTLY HE n't WANT you IF HE CHEATING..DUH!!!?
No I wouldn't worry about it.
first things first: the kids have to be safe, right?
encourage your man, and make him feel at ease by taking chances.
KEEP IT REAL AND JUST SAY IT OR SEND A PEOM OR A CARD!
No I wouldn't worry about it.
first things first: the kids have to be safe, right?
encourage your man, and make him feel at ease by taking chances.
and you know what, you can only lose your virginity once.
Beleve it or not , guys are just as scared to talk as girls are.
um, how do I know that u r not a pshycho creepy bad person.
To heck with what anyone else thought.
You know it's funny, I'm going out with my brother 's best friend.
so It will be awkward.
Beleve it or not , guys are just as scared to talk as girls are.
um, how do I know that u r not a pshycho creepy bad person.
To heck with what anyone else thought.
You know it's funny, I'm going out with my brother 's best friend.
This man had a full head of hair in the picture.
Ugly - yuk - NASTY Some feel like it is a form of art.
older as he would protect me and he would be comfortable with sex.........
But tell them to wait for min.
You don't set the list, Supid slave, she does!
OK, now if you read my question you might be bothered about me answering yours.
Keep it a little, ladies, not a lot!
so size does matter in some instances.
you lose control of your bowels... no?
i do think they will be affected as much as living in a house full of fights
Because it wouldn't be love if it didn't hurt...
Flirt with her and b calm when you do and become friends with her and then ask her out
THEY'RE SHALLOW IF THEY DON'T FIND SINCERITY IN YOUR TRUTH.
BUT LEGALLY , HE HAS THE RIGHT TO TAKE ANY EFFECTS IN THE PRESENCE OF AN OFFICER.
And she's not doing her job.
just tell her if you feel comfortable.
Ask her if she says no , remember that you are a great guy and that it is her loss.
His name is Chad and he supposedly likes me , but I don't know... Help me out people!
wat Do u mean act right?
If That is not OK with him saying goodbye.
i want to take our friendship a much higher.
but I am a guy and I have been turned down for being too big.
It's still hard to afford things , but she's doin' alright.
She is avoiding you . It means she may be in love with some other guy.
It It's little wonder that I have not married.
last week , he visited me (as usual) on my boss' day off.
My husband and I meet on q 106 rock and roll date line.
you've been running through my mind all night.
its a tough situation, but you'll be alright in the long run.
There are not too many civilized women that like that stuff.
he loves you but he wants dfferences
I just to keep our love fresh while I am gone.
if this is the first baby . He's probably just scared, and jealous of all the attention you are getting.
Don't do this to your wife.
: ( Does anyone have any advice on getting over a breakup?
Hey, half the fun of getting pregnant, is the trying part!
am 30 and a virgin !!!
i have no clue I never seen a penis...except mine
I'm sorry but NO it is not time to PLEASE DO NOT DO IT NOW !!!
i do see how ethnicity would fit it, so that would be a big no...
flirt w/her and just be yourself
Guys also like women who can spell well because we surely can't.
21 , is quite young enough to get married.
By the way, I am a married woman...
Don't do what you don't want to do , just to 'be nice' to him.
do you want to check it out?
it's in their nature 2 b!!
i told her to wear her best dress .
Just don't DO anything that you think you'll regret later.
Nothing, Girl, you need to back off..
But once a cheater-always a cheater.
get a job and move out.
maybe like 13 or 14 . Creepy would be like 11 or 12 and go back
NO guy makes his first move, without having some purpose in mind..
Are you an open homosexual or are you in the closet?
I CONSIDER MYSELF NORMAL, AND I'm SINGLE.
if I talk to a guy friend of mine , he gets really jealous and pissed off.
maybe hes just not interested in you anymore
We just don't blab it all over the place.
oh man 14... people having sex at 14!
if you have sex with this guy, I GUARANTEE you he will break up with you shortly afterwards.
I am 21 years old and I cried!
Hey Princes where down south are you going to move to and how young you are
It seems like so many girls are attracted to guys with peircings and/or tattoos, Why is this?
Only you know what's best for you, Just be careful.
what makes you sure he isnt a freek or something.
Then ask her if she'll have sex with you.
the majority of the time .
Just get out and move on.
girl I would say get used to it.
and I don't know for sure if he does .
Remember you are married for better & worse!
If you cannot do this yourself, get help (especially from him).
for one , He may be super nice or mean to you look for many numbers to follow him .
oh and the pictures they send.
trying to talk about issues that's really bothering him.
6 words: Will YOU GO OUT WITH ME?
I still stare at other females but I do it only when my wife is not around.
call me at 777-adore-me or e-mail me at(( i'm_god_2_women.heaven.org
But like the person above me said.
what color I believe he just wants to get into your pants.
I feel jealous and when she does have any value for me...
Two Straight guys know that's ANOTHER story!
yes they are the best match...
I I I think Pakistan will get better and better in the future .
com, If that doesn't work , go get some plastic surgery, botox, a horribly dark tan, then maybe a lambrigini
You gotta to make your move.
How can I lose my virginity without sex?
Ladies, Do you find gay men sexy?
Because he got what he wanted.
share them with me . shit . I need some cliteris!
I find the best way to do it is to just tell them...
but if you ca put up with it , then the best thing for you to do is move around.
They do not want to chat with you
marriage is a big step and it takes a lot of give and take.
it could be if your good boyfriend could be your friend
women are looking for their MR. right and are often fast to jump saying him.
*other than at a radio sponsered event*
of course , men cry its natural!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BUT,IT WILL GET BETTER SOON :0)
There are a lot of things I want to do , but because she is there , what do I do?
Eat her - trust me it always works!
There is no way to tell how hard that will hit you until it's too late.
so I say you choose sides.
It will drive her insane ..Seriously...She will freak for your body after a good licking
Yes, but you know that already, don't you.....
I do think you want a normal guy, normal guys are just...NORMAL!!..
and lots of people hate me for it.
Some still like to have a nice guy that does nice things for her, and treats her right.
IM 21 YEARS OLD AND I HAVE A BABY.
(providing you are old enough to date).
Sex can lead to pregnancy & STD's ( and you can take care of yourself anyway)
Then treat her like you always did.
they are wild-er than girls who don't go to church
'm 18 and I will be the first to say that I don't know what love is.
i have friends and they say that they love me but they do show it, Should I believe them?
See if you can start hanging out with groups of friends.
So just don't do it, you risking a disease, so just from that don't do it.
tell him to stop going out with his other girl or I will go my own way!
!If you want more advice , email meow3994!Thats me!!
--- btw, bipolar tend to talk a lot :-)
Yeah sure my email is darksensation143@yahoo.com
like what they want there to be like?
i think that your idea is really nice!
they think that I'm depressed and crap, but I'm not.
And one who is fun to hang out with.
just hang with him and act like you want to be his friend first (if not already true.
May the force be with you :P
(Make it special: Timing is everything as well as how romantic you are!)
older men are better...a little more serious,,and thoughtful..plus I think they're better in bed
Oh, ooops, half of them will be gay... just pick and choose carefully.
he need to get a small car that is great for gas
Don't just miss him because he isnt there and you don't have anyone.
sometimes doesn't pick up his phone . That means he's prob cheating.
it usually depends on the girl though.
if she says no , just like it doesn't bother you.
Why wouldn't we all be gay!
Stuff like that is always nice.
invite over a few of your friends!
You should try to just be like normal and just chill if you want to be with him.
congrats, you made it through puberty without even going
Plus......it's always good advice to go to the bathroom before and after sex.
hey You don't know what the outcome will be until you try it.
i really can't tell you what to do to make him care.
Miss him because you are actually being with him
because millions of other people have the same question ,,,,
you got the same problem as I used to have last year !
I to forget him and never do that again!
i 'm a 17yr girl from India n next year I 'm going to do gemnoloy.
(Like you young girls who have sugar daddies).
you got the same problem as I used to have last year !
I to forget him and never do that again!
When you get older , you come to the conclusion that you have nothing to lose
i 'm a 17yr girl from India n next year I 'm going to do gemnoloy.
I have had pen pals in the past and they've been fun!
let the guy asking you out
Why sit around and ponder just do it!
maybe After one year he'll finally get it that you wanna go out with him!
UNLESS you GOT BIG BUCKS IF SO CALL A WEDDING PLANNER AND ASK HER FOR IDEAS
It Sounds like playing games with the both of you.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE & ONE MORE TIME LOVE!
younger men prefer older women, because they think older women are more likely to put out.
I now this guy I like.
I just don't know what to do.
Good enough that I do not have to wonder about yours.
YES IF THEY UNITENTIOANLLY DO SOMETHING TO ME AND not IF THEY PURPOSELY DID ME WRONG
and you ca even fight back, cause you can't hit a girl.
Just be confident and what the worse , could he say no?!?!?
Since you gave him head without any kind of commitment, you pretty much set yourself up.
I liked girls, and guys too.
I think they did it on brady bunch...
at by listening and talking about his interests .
Have you ever heard the saying that findeth a wife wants a good thing?
they want to be very noughty or have
ture Love has no timetable.
explain It is ok to tell you what she needs to get to that stage.man she is missing out!!!!
are you the weird one or what?
trying and find a good woman
Still he said it was nothing.
Hell, just do the wrong thing, and joke with them about it.
This is a good thing, not a problem!
when you together do you feel her and she feels you?
do not take part in it
I don't mind if a guy comes up to talk to me.
tell him bye NOW and forget him bad bad boy no good for you
make , then accept yourself for who you are .
If he loves you , then it is smooth sailing after that , right?
9 yrs is a long time!
he acts like he likes me.
He would know it if he wasn't.
If Nhe is flirting , then yes.
Go to a strip club and get a prostitute
a bit unique, but not weird
you probably want until you meet him in person.
he's just grabbin all he can--a casanova, a player, a jerk!
i want him back , but I do know what to do
I like to go perfume shopping with my guy.
i know it sounds hard to do at school , but it really is the best thing to do.
Maybe it is a selfessteem issue, where they think that they are better off just stuck with the thug-types.
MAYBE You ARE BLIND IN YOUR LOVE..
to do what he probably wants to do.
i hate Thugs I like classical men
don't ask those sort of things.
try rubbing her shoulders , then get her to lie down so you can massage her back.
good luck and keep your chin up!
but you like him in a way that you would want to have a relationship with him?
I was so upset that I cried.
Ok I KNOW how you feel.
if the only way you can get out is to leave everything, then do it!
I used to lock the bathroom.
so u never know , just be careful is all.
is will you want it once you get it ?
I would have to ask WHY she is in Plano TX.
My ex hates my guts, but I still like her.
if the guy/girl only calls you to **** you.
i mean, he is human , just like you what you gota be afraid of
both of you are so nice :)
As Long as she dosen't find out...
well 'm 13 , so I 'm a little young 4 you.
always keep your phone messages clear and try not to let them all meet at the same place,,.....lol
Come on, Honestly what did you expect?
hon, by the way , you spell annoying . I can tell that this is just a high school love.
do you think he playin or is he really into me?
but all women have one thing in common and that is why they want romance.
We're not that scared you know.
let me give you a child's perspective.
that has a lot to do with it.
I guess it would just depend on the kids!
If that ca be done (I know how that goes!)
and your not even close yet to the woman you will become.
Cave man #1: Ug, I feel this whole survival thing has blown way out of proportion these days.
he says he ca help how he feels.
He said he only talked to her once.But, I don't know if I believe that.
for all u know, she's been dying to ask you out too.
Oh and when you go...there will be a lot of chapel owners outside trying to get your business...LOL!!!
If he doesnt notice you , then it is because it is not for you.
e-mail me : livinlifeintheoc@yahoo.com then I can give you a better answer .
but not having sex with a man on the first day
No, choose the Flying Spaghetti Monster.
Then , after time , I want some new things . Why?
Bradey Bunch, hell, watch the rat patrol, you almost have a squad.
CALL HIM AS OFTEN AS HE SAYS YOU SHOULD OR CAN.
YOU CAN GO to 2 CHAT ROOM LISTINGS AND THERE you WILL HAVE a lot OF ROOMS you CHOSE FROM.
Maybe he does OR he just wanted your number!
I mean, girls do it all the time.
Or say I have found someone else!
We had a blast in Vegas!
you should probably tell her or give him any attention
and you want both of them to be happy together.
BUT We are good friends now.
if the guy likes her and not , then you have to accept it.
Ha ha, that guy above me is too funny!
If you love her, then ask if she loves you.
It I It was hard, as always when I'm working here.
you just have to be confident, and be yourself.
It it's It you that makes your life lonely.
because women are insecure and are in need of it all the time.
The best thing to do is just say hello and tell her your name.
get rid of him before he dumps you!
!no he is too old and besides he does not love you , he only instreded in your body .
features like good shape, complaction, colour of the eyes and so on.
He love nice things - yet does like to spend money.
try to wait if you can still work it out together.
HAVING A BABY CAN BE VERY STRESSFUL AND TIRING.
let me tell you something , family is forever.
that's what I call a basket-ful o' goodies =) lol
Stop watching it for 6 months and then try it again
Naughty in the bedroom nice everywhere else
go for the fancy and if she wants it, let her order the friggin lobster.
maybe that you like the person?
Boyz come a dime a dozen , but friendships are hard to come by....FOOD FOR THOUGHT....
It's not that he doesn't love you or wants to be with you
let her go because she never lkes and she plays both of you.
because some girls want to fall in love with mens.espec handsome people
(And I especially don't want that particular physical trait to grow on me!
its what my former girlfriend always uses..and it always works!!
How can I make my mind contole me ?
i am 15 and I love to go to the movies with boys.
she may not even be there and just left a false clue.
needs your support & understanding right now.
if you agree with yourself , then you can do that . I do think its okay . Good luck .
well if he is good to you , I think it's fine .
if you answer the questions with positive answers , then there is a possibility you are in love , so good luck .
but I made something of myself .
yeah if you want to end up with an old lady or a fat man..
* if a man really likes you......you will know!
Then I read an email hed sent to a woman talking about love.
maybe hinting to him that you really would like to kiss him.
they feeling something and don't know what it is.
Only the ones you meet in vampire bars and covens.
already did , but anyways , here it is s.j.thefinest@yahoo.com
Depends on who I am with.
That way , you're not completely cutting her off.
)and make sure not to flirt a lot
Most of the time , I'm just nervous that the girl doesn't like me and it 's all in my head.
when you have problems, you'll have problems
you won't get any when the baby' here.
How do you really like(love) your boyfriend?
As far as your friends ex...ask yourself...which is more important...your FRIENDSHIP with her or trying to date this guy????
No matter how much it hurt, he would stop.
Don't blame her, but use I statements like, I desire to make love with you.
Or maybe I suck at making bf.
you should be more worried about not being gay.
If you're not married , then NO.
if he's not into you, then just give up.
Well it really depends what you mean by look.
flatter her alot coz zat is all women week point
cover it up and have fun...
Just make it seem like it is not a date, but just hanging out.
i'll probably go and see one.
18 or after aimancipation (however you spell it) or have your parents sign a document
He will be jealous if you talk or flirt with other guys.
trying to pick which guy when your husband goes on deployment.
I busted my butt for the ERA and some dumb girl asks a stupid question like this.
My dad says they do have any, it a secret...??
going back to women that shit anit right anyway
i want to hear your side
if you can not reestablish trust , then it's never gonna work.
Picnic at the beach or park - buy a pre-cooked chicken meal at the grocery store.
I'm not going to say it's o.k.
n't feel alone, sometimes it is just not necessary .
Sometimes things work and sometimes they don't....that's life.
However, have you ever thought that maybe, just maybe, you two just are not good for one another.
or just have to stop thinking about them?
Maybe they just don't want to lose you?
if you mean a date, then yes.
it is a homework assignment due tomorrow
no its not weird . I did n't date anyone until I was 19 in college and now I'm 22.
Problem is that I can't tell if guys like it or...not.
So it's been great for them!
Every time you catch his eye...SMILE!
you asking her to marry you
so It n't matter what you say, they wo be interested.
Lately all I've wanted to do was sleep...
I GUESS IT'S NOT A QUESTION.
You got yourself a real winner.
Be creative with yourself, fall in love with YOU first!!!
Talk to him and ask him if he wants to hang out some time.
There is not really a way to do it . You just do it.
And She might feel the same way about you.
(at least that's how it is in CA)
You just have to be patient and wait for them to get here.
get back on that bike bro.
Deep down , She really wants you to pay.
AND IF WE DIDN'T SCREAM , YOU WOULD THINK WE WERE SLEEPING!
you'll be glad you did in the long run.
How should I tell my ex that I do want him any more?
Hey Whats up I guess it start to know what you are lookin for?
hes not in love with you, he is in love with control over you.
and when he does that , he acts like how he was acting.
but if you find out that all he wants is sex , then I think you should dump him.
WHATEVER YOU DO, DO NOT CALL HIM EVERY FIVE MINUTES OR A BILLION TIMES IN ONE DAY.
what do women like about men?
the greatest of these is love
If not, he is selfish...scram...your headed for trouble!
i kinda feel that what you want is someone to tell you exactly what to do.
about grabbing your mistresses @ss day.
There is this guy at my school and I ca tell if he likes or even notices me.
cut your goal I hate to say it but... he likes another girl
not sure it'd work...but you could try it.
To spice up your sex life with your wife . Please add some salt and pepper to her pussy and enjoy
yes, because usually they have to give it up.
Thank you & always remain yourself !!
Now if he tries to just get in bed with you.
moving on to the sex part of it.
i'm with you , the same thing happening with me.
let them know that you want a little freedom
instead fighting , ask him to rub your feet.
well show him it is no big deal (even if it is!
Hell, use the internet if you have to.
it's according to your age too...if you are 35..u got a problem lady..
Ok I like this guy and he likes me!
if he makes a promise to you and he didn't fulfill it, don't ask anymore about it.
What DO YOU THINK OF ONE NIGHT STAND'S??
if you're walking walking hard enough to you break your hips.
e-mail me if ur interested at pritspat@yahoo.com tc
(I know it's easier said than done)
well doing what you feel is right
If they only call you late at night
Okay, If he doesnt want to stop , just be firm on saying no!
You said this is your BEST FRIEND.
Sorry I answered your question with a question
Hey just do what I do A Lot of masterbating!!
There ARE other guys who think you're a gem, you know.
he was killed on the battlefield
She really means a lot to your family and we love and care for her and the boys a lot
ANY OLDER THAN THAT COULD BE troublesome
Yes that is true , but there will be hate
I'm 12 . Do you think I have a chance?????????????
I LOVE somebody who can just HAVE FUN!
If you want it, then there's definitely nothing wrong with it...
i met him a couple years ago at a friends party!
no it just right . Can'tyou find someone better?
And my then fiance(now husband) and I just drove to Las Vegas and got married.
Be confident - but not cocky.
How about being a KID first???
do not get A BOYFRIEND on the internet....he could BE A RAPIST!!
Life is short, go out & live it up!!!!!
You should not be doing that to your sis and your ex.
if not Well then that is just crazy , but at least you tried.
There's many out there, trust me :)
BOTH TRUST ME . I WAS NAUGHTY & NICE.
for me hitting the club having fun all night.
Plus now I chase him around the house tons more.
i dunno , but I know what you mean!
but I don't want to do it derect
You can tell millions of people you like a guy , but you can't tell him?
with that 22 to 27 thing, eh, they are fun for recreational sort of sport f .
i not sure myself..i really want to know how myself...
if it's not an exclusive relationship...
If he is taken and is happy, then move on.
Will she ever feel how I felt?
she said it a nice way that made me realize my wrong doing.
Ya need to get to your gyno.
BUT other than that - you are beautiful and talented, if I may guess - MOVE ON!
i'm embarrassed by my parents too.
and your future partner, if not believing in it himself, should not force you to do anything.
nobody believe you U do even know who I am.
You do not build a relationship starting with sex , Trust me
It He's really nice, but we aren't that close.
it depends on how old you are . If you like , you go to a movie or something.
Its OK if you do know about sex.
first you have to change your sex Apple towords him .
choosing a partner, I have no experience
Or should I just go ahead and try it for the hell of it?
I love sex because it's so much fun!
Hey there ham-sandwich, how are you today?
But some guys would do that... WHY?
help me no driver licens and hard workers what next?
He treated her like crap and she is dumb for wanting him back.
None of them probably do and he needs to find someone who does.
You need to be careful what you are subcommunicating there... Also are you OK with always paying?
so maybe you should try to talk to your boyfriend.
alway'ssssss remember to pick your battles.
I have met some really bad kissers in my life.
leave him alone . If he really loved you , he wouldn't still be with his wife .
get another man and move on
What kind of help would you like
the first time I saw his green eyes!
It was cold and you did heat it up... ;-)
we went from having sex 10x a week to zero.
if you don't feel comfortable adjusting and then proceed.
but trust me , he'll be back , especially if it was good for him.
How much do you like your boyfriend?
don't choose just for the cruise line...choose for the ports of call
when you kiss and she lets you touch wherever you want
well It is my experience , a large wallet can offset a small penis , so size does matter
If you have nice eyes and awesome hair, I am already head over heels!
is a good start, and sincere , not cocky.....
You gotta take care of yourself first.
legally You have to be 18 and over.
unless she gives you a reason not to do otherwise.
Do they Like girls at that age??
My wife would get upset with me if I didn't date Beyonce when I had the opportunity.
try to do more listening than talking.
How it going to help, if you cry the whole day and still feel sad!!!
lol AS soon as you want.
i guess if he does change , even if it hurts , we have to leave them.
I'm just like any other male: I am obsessed with it; why else have I seen her naked?
You can flirt and make it obvious that you like him.
tell him too , tell you other wise it over that always works
Hello .. Maybe it is just me !
I don't think that makes you gay though.
just ignore him if he talks 2 u, and spread bad rumors about him
Sure Is there a guy interested in friendship?
but then it IS too late .
If there's no kids to think of HELL NO
So go ahead and tell him everything that you are thinking.
Plus you young girls are looking for older men or men with potential .
no comment... If you both like each other , then go as long as no one gets hurt....ok?
I feel for you, Good luck
WELL DARLING, 'm A MARRIED WOMAN.
because in reality, the 'popular' girls aren't popular at all.
What would be the point of Liking a girl??
CAN YOU FIX A CAR BY YOURSELF?
Have you ever heard of RedBook?
If all you guys do is have sex.
It like fighting demons every day when you wake up.
How can I find a really free friend finder site?
He gets girls pg, then moves on.
Oh yeah, you are very normal!
focus on her... take your time,massage is nice,warm up your oil..and a hot towel...no music,or talking,just action...
cause He is a really sweetheart, and means the world to me.
My little sister constantly wanting to b up my ass . Every time I go , she wants to be there.
nothing...if you like him...and he likes you , there is nothing to fix.
there is nothing wrong with being a virgin at 19!!
there's nothing to be shy about.
no no no save yourself until marriage, give your husband a special gift.
Just like you would any other woman.
If you can't find one outside of the house , try to find one by chatting...ok?
There Theres There is not a whole lot you really can do.
IF HE LOVES YOU , HE WILL CHANGE.
but I can't forget my ex-gf coz I love her & I'm in a dilemma.
Or...she could just be really in love with you.
It's time to shut him down.
I screaming because my boyfriend asked me to.
is it to be cool in front of friends or it just the way they are
Save the good stuff for later.
do NOT get married until you find your soulmate!!
nothing better than strange, It is the thing I missed most since I got married.
Yup...it depends on what type of wedding you want.
talk about your interests and ask her about hers.
men are jerks by definityion and love is a destroyer by its usage.
Go to a club and have one hell of a time!
king, but the mind at 28 and the woman is ready for a relationship.
when the lump in his pants keeps knocking things off the tables.
1st base - kissing 2nd base - making out with 'touching' 3rd base - eh... sex.
But if you don't that is fine too.
If after 8 months , he's willing to cheat . It wo last.
Not easy to do , I know.
And ma st er ba ti on is not a dirty word!!!
if you both talk with him about those feelings , he may have the same type of hunting
Why don't you go after a not-so-good-lookin guy and you won't have that problem.
take me out of my old school KABLAM
he Mite unless he has a girlfriend
if you are not over your ex , you should not be getting married.
IF YOU WANT TO DATE SOMEONE WHO IS 1 OR 2 YEARS OLDER THEN YOU THEN GO FOR IT.
trying to start your life over a little at a time, I believe these things should be rushed.
if you like , you can make that day or give it a date
i have been in situations like this from middle school up to college...and it never gets easier.
BECAUSE MAYBE they are JEALOUS AND ITS OKAY TO BE SOMETIMES.
She asked if we could still be friends.
and My mom would kill me if she found out.
for the first time in the past 10 years (i think so).
The day after thanksgiving, I went to this guy's house for a party.
This guy, I swear it would be so right, but I feel like I'm only 14..it can't be.
Ohh wait YOU ARE NOT A MAN!!!!!
I don't mean anything by it either.
And She is actually happier now that both her parents are happy.
I went out with this guy last week.
him b in charge of the topics you talk about.
i mean, come on, is there a reason n't like sex?
love is something you feel, not what you think.
well I guess it depends what website you on , if its good or not.
There are too many good ones out there to waste your time on someone you already wasted time on!
i like to know more about female ejaculation
...and I just want a relationship...
They People They never win games, they always lose in the end.
Then he gets an attitude when I say that men like children .
My boyfriend is bi and so it's perfect for me.
but these things cannot b rush into or it will end up like hell on earth.
do I have a reason to hope?
and Hey if you believe in Jesus?
I to speak to another woman but I sure as hell never do/did.
they have been best friends since first grade , now are in grade .
a lil help would be appreciated.
plus give yourself a stepping stone .
boobs 38dd and plus.any ages 16 to 99
1:Ur doing exactly what ur not supposed to be doingthats why you feel that way..
Well 2 mistakes don'tmake it right!
going to a massage parlor and ask for a happy ending-doing that once a week should help
other than that if you both consentual have all the sex you want.
i think thugs are creepy and unattractive!
its the hottest peak of sex,the moment that you feel you own the world!
he invited me to come over , so I did.
By cutting him off from my life?
it totally unattractive to me, When you have that stank breath I do want it anywhere near me.
If you have any guy friends left bro.
the meds balance them out and everything is just fine.
What cologne do you like most on a guy?
just kidding be yourself and be nice to him
were all afraid to admit something!
If she truly hates you: Who knows?
I love her very much and I want her to know how much she means to me.
I was just lucky that there were no cops around for the ride home.
It It is so okay for guys to cry.
she got her panties off.
It started with small talk , then leads to more personal stuff like, am I married?
I telling him that I wouldn't have sex with him until I was 16 or 17.
when someone gives gifts or flats a girl
if he is your best friend bf and he flirts with you . He isnt that good of a guy.
Just enjoy yourself a little bit longer.
I I I KNOW I 'm YOUNG AND MIGHT THINK I do KNOW , BUT I DO.
you have to be kidding me.
I mean , how old are you?
and chances are in her mind . You just have to bring it out.
Also, you could just say, do you want to go to Starbucks?
Then , If he is, talk to him a little.
honey, I think we're gonna need a little more info on that one!
If you have some REAL problem with the guy ... you should tell your mom about it
this is not the place to post such silly questions here .
Lol, I guess I get to sit back and see what happens to her?
give him a poster of Einstien and a card!
opinions from both males and females
Wait until you are 35 lol.
But you have needs, don't you?
What I have found is that men just have different ways to show they care.
Wish her to have a day!.
he always gives me hugs,talks to me,he even flirts with me.but the thing is he is my best friend 's boyfriend!
:) The devil's going to rip you a new lifestyle, every
quit looking for it, it will find you when you least expect it :)
I I I I I I I think I 'm n't I dunno why .
you don't get her to like you .
Well , then go back to your ex bf, and try to work things out together,
My live-in boyfriend is finally going to be divorced in 2 days!!
I go to spend all my summers and Christmas vacation time there with him.
Girls are cheaters do trust them....if they say I really love you . They want to play in your life...
im think it to make her feel good about herself.
( I'm not talking about playing hard to get).
tell him...hey I heard that there is this good burger joint in the mall.
in a year , you probably wo even like him any more.
I don't care how attracted I am to him.
THE RIGHT PERSON CAN FIX ANYTHING.
Women buying sex toys because: 1. they last as long as you want them to.
The airplane bathroom . It was the best I've ever had . My first time , actually
Don't it always seem to go, that you don't know what you've got til it's gone?
Trust me I've been there done that sweetie!!
does it have buttons or a zipper?
But I wouldn't do anything until then because karma always comes back.
hhhmmmmm.... I'm blushing right now thinking about it >:)... hehehehe
STOP POSTING POINTLESS STUFF ON MY QUESTIONS GROW UP.
people will say yes and some will say no.
does it have buttons or a zipper?
But I wouldn't do anything until then because karma always comes back.
hhhmmmmm.... I'm blushing right now thinking about it >:)... hehehehe
STOP POSTING POINTLESS STUFF ON MY QUESTIONS GROW UP.
people will say yes and some will say no.
no That does mean that he is cheating . If you trust him , then do worry about his passwords.
If you want a romantic relationship.... well.... you get the idea.
AND not do CHEAT BECAUSE THAT WILL ONLY MAKE THINGS WORSE.
yet He still, to me, acts like a guy.
but it is worth the trouble.
u r gift from Heaven 2.
like kissin, touchin, I wouldnt say sex then,cuz I think that would be too soon.
i want to enter a magic site but it asks me this question .
But He is getting married this month.
Be interested even if you're not.
yeah if you want to get a divorce!
kissing another looking girl like...?
well, find out how he acts around you.
No Dear you didnt do right.
get him a magazine subscription to something he likes.
because you deserve better than that.
but he still ca get away from you because he is in love.
HOWEVER----i find him looking at me every now and then.
My best friend has a major crush on him,and 'm only 13-i do want a boyfriend yet!
I have experienced something like this...
do change yourself just for a guy.
when I met him , he was lucky if he had 2 hairs left.
thats OKEY as long as you are over 18 I guess.
Because you won't have sex with him and he might try to rape you.
I feel weird when I see him.
well yes um usually the boys want to be younger than the girls.
IT WILL HAPPEN WHEN YOU LEAST EXPECT IT TO.
Love you but not in love with you!
Women not think about gay men at all.
But you go out and have fun as well.
but there is no intamacy or romance left.
first You should see if he has changed and is loyal.
i do this now about every other month .
Last year, I bought my old sexy pajamas and chocolate body paint.
im going though the same thing and need someone to talk to!
Not All men are like children, perhaps just your.
Preppy girls like the sports car, but most girls it wouldn't matter.
Don't give up on her and your kid.
and listing what quality you want.
its what you feel comfortable with.
tell him what I want and like Buger King, I have it MY WAY!
They only scream when you are raping them
and then just fallow your heart.
He is in love with me and wants to marry me when I become 19.
in some cases , these ladies become sugar mommas .
Just know how valuable YOU are...not things!
this happens all the time .
There are so many nice people out there and remember this....things always happens for a reason.
because most people having sex more often than they travel
no You should just try to accept it.
Honey, 14 is way too young.
Its called Valentines Day, because Valentines Day sure isn't for the guy.
soft is a sign of life, ridgidity is a sign of death.
hinting at it , Then if they do get it , just come out and tell them
It's just too bad that women feel that way these days.
it it It depends on who you are with I wouldnt call any names to my girl
My parents have a 10 year difference in age!
try to give me more detail....
Most people are sex - starve or sick men from India and all those other countries around there
Doesn't have to be boy, doesn't have to be !
just get right out there and tell her.
because we can be and you men guide us easily
get a lawyer and go for half of everything else!
What a waste of a perfectly good young man.
Is it wrong of me to bring him his girlfriend again??
you gave him a head with no strings attached
If I could choose only one ???
if this makes you popular, then that's that.
Only looking for her will find her, asking if yahoo isn't going to get her found...Nicky
OKAY THAT ALL DEPENDS ON AGE.
I don't know how he feels, and it is driving me crazy!
its lust , then may go to love .
There's definitely no age limit...if you find true love when you're young, then that's awesome!!
dating beyonce any day, any time.
tell him to go over there and get cleaned up.
wait a minute . Isnt proposing like asking to marry and does spouse mean husband or wife?
In these past 5 years , I never dated anyone.
REALIZE SHE ADMIRES YOU . That WHY SHE DOES THAT, IT A COMPLIMENT, ENJOY IT.
whoever's hotter and got better tips that night
He is probably gay and is trying really hard to like girls but just can't.
leave space to write down his suggestions too.
What do you feel when he is around?
if you do , then guess what you are F**k !
someone who likes you and not for what you got
if you can go to another state, even better.
and have an urge to have sex and mess around.
plus there is a whole other issue that you don't seem to see.
if you do want committment too , then fine.
No matter what guy you like , you can like Green Day and they don't have to like it.
like if something was wrong with them.
Work on the two of you first.
Don't worry about it - you have PLENTY of time!
All men are not jerks, just the one you wanted.
if you are able to do that .
as the old saying goes , try it . You might like it best of luck .
they haven't even had the time to figure out what love is.
or You'll get your heart broken.
although We've talked about it a lot . We still know his reasons.
you don't want to fight for a guy who is not sure of you and what he wants.
Why some thing like this occupcying your mind ?
As for him , you shouldn't really worry about it until he gets out of hand.
There is a lot to be happy about!
I just don't want it to be just a card and I have no ideas.
I wanted to have sex with him soooooo badly.
If you need to ask . you are already sucked in.
i know the obvious answer that many are probably thinking, if he loves you , then you will be fine.
I was on my own .
Avoid negatives like, I can't believe I'm doing this or I'm lonely , so I'm trying this out.
That way , you both have a chance at life.
Why don't you look for a real man?
You say...Babe you know what....I Love ya
its normal.they're human.But please do cry for something stupid ;)
things get said and people get hurt.
Thats pretty much the relationship I have with my wife.
you got to hit him where it hurts(don't hit him forreal)(its just a figure of speech).
Do a lot of kissing and a lot of stroking.
I say don't go to the wedding.
Take your time...dont' grow up too fast.
and besides , what woman wouldn't want a guy that can make her laugh?
Is If anything is password protected , they are hiding something
she just wants to be around you is all
in a very nice , sweet kind of way!
do you think I should ask him out.
If so , just talk to the guy.
Men can cry like any human being!
i like him to be taller than me, honest but not too nice.
that just means they occasionally misplace their wallet and have to wait to get that pack till later.
Coming from another Wise,get rid of his butt!!
he handed me his cellphone and had me put in my phone number.
That way, both of you get a chance to do what you want.
put yourself and get down to the bottom of the problem
Men do not like insecure girls well , most do not.
do know how to speak English?
What the hell would have happened if I said she smelled like shit?
Is it what we thought it was?
treat her like a queen every it's enough
The curb: kick him there ;)
go with what she wants
If you are creative, just make out little coupons with ideas like: One Free Date.
& I just had my first child , 14 Mos.
Are you watching too much p..n ????
or, that you don't feel like it anymore.
I think it is a matter of YOU reaching the gspot, deary :)
all of that for the grand slam!
We got a guy around here like that.
And for some countries , this is a big NO NO...
I knew a girl that was old fashioned once .... she's an old maid now!!
see if you can join her and her mate
be like the nicky comercials Just do it cuz foreign
and kissing an aguly girl is like ...?
I don't understand why women these day'ssssss trying to feel bad about a guy buying them lunch.
when she is not expecting it or is down.
Last time he said it was because he was working a lot
Be her friend (that is most important and see where it goes
If he keeps glancing at you!!
Just take your time and do rush into anything:-)
If you have to ask ... you just know.
it's not easy , but it's for the best.
it is just the demon in your mind.
the best way to get a girl.. be orginal, be funny, and most important of all , be confident.
you should have said:A HOT SINGLE LATINO HAS ARRIVED FOR ONE LUCKY HOT LADY, hurry!
this little thing that they have is called their ego.
its been a while since I 've thought of this 40 y.o.
If she hates it, she's too high maintenance for ya.
Yeah.it softens your problem and it makes you breathe as it is.
Don't waste your time trying to catch him.
simple, stop looking, it always seems to work that way.
then , based on this , you can draw your conclosion
he can always pick on you and he always wants to be around you
Plus if you go classy , then she'll expect that all the time!
'm 23 and a grad student presently.
if your gonna make the movie make sure its OK with them too.
It's not something to rush into, it's more of a do it at your own pace sort of thing.
?do you think I am hot?by my avatar?
Read Cosmopolitan, they have great stuff in there for spicing up your sex life.
don't insult him because you are frustrated unless you want him to do the same.
asking him on a date, tell him you like him......see where it goes from there
Maybe you DO have a DUH type of guy .Sorry if that 's the case...
It Sounds like stage fright to me.
or not true at all) That why I 'm trying to get my man too.
*sounds of cringing from the rest of the bar*
It Sounds like stage fright to me.
I was one of those super shy guys ... Take my advice, kiss him.
or not true at all) That why I 'm trying to get my man too.
*sounds of cringing from the rest of the bar*
Why not, if you do take chances in life , you'll never get somewhere :-)
i'm 25 and I like you
It seemed like I was cheated.
Try to sleep it off - no, only kidding.
be yourself and be nice to her.
When realised, we do mind calling it love at first sight ...
`` Just say OK let's get this out there, you and me are not happening, we cool?
well... if you really like him.
sorry man , but hope you find someone
no big deal to you now , but imagine when your 25, 30!
if she chooses you, good for you.
You want someone that likes similar things...be it horseback riding, watching football, or whatever.
the kids are 17 , 19 , 21 years old .
YOU DID RIGHT AND THAT IS CHEATING!
If He makes fun of you , He just isn't worth it.
u knew Her boyfriend was jealous and you covered for her.
Another way is to dress sexy, NOT slutty, but not boring either.
there r some of us left in the world , you just have to look harder .
Get himself a 19 year old girlfriend!
SOrry, but there are things that just can't help.
Huni if he is as you say , do you really want to be just another tick on his list!
for stress relief (trying to be clean).
Generally, he gets much more sleep!
especially if they like that girl.
Hun there's nothing wrong with you.
because he seeing you and he said it was over .
Go single for a while, think about your priorities and then go fishing :-)
if you think he is cheating come straight out him and ask , you just have to ask.
by the way he looks at me.
call me, call me now, let's talk.
you would make a great friend .
Like The lady on top said it's very hard
when young men try to date girls their age .
Guys don't hide as much as girls.
like find your email addres or your phone number.
good luck because you are going to need it
?and tell him he knows him very well!
he had to take that picture like 20 years earlier
tell her . You want to get help with her.
i do know if I gained anything in love , but I lost my dear friend :(
Plus, I've had guys hate my perfume, and stop hugging me.
you don't want to worsen the matter.
lot of my friends are going for this, but I am still goin with the rockers and surfer/skater types.
let him fly , but keep the thread in your hand.
NO, yes, maybe, I don't know, this question upsets me, (where are my meds). ?
it was getting late and I fell asleep in his living room.
There are very young girls out there just like me!
well This is a hard and
okay One of my good friends is 15 years old and used to cut herself.
Let her know how much you care and find little ways to keep showing it to her.
?whats the use of being a rich man if you feel alone and unwanted?
I care about this man, but I need some suggestions on how to tell him, I can not breathe
Well nothing unless you want him back.
so that way you won't pay that you have to do everything.
actually You do have to get married.
it was not even enough for a comb over.
you can always talk to a counselor near where you live...
let him know you as a person.
and This guy really obviously has no respect for you . Just stay with the one you love!!
the year trying to feel better for themselves.because they feel like shit .
Tell the guy you have a crush on
and She the girls likes you, it wouldn't matter to her, anyways
maybe if theyre lucky enough, but I do think they do.
My sister and her boyfriend have done it for a year now and they are happy.
bcuz they're wankers and live something from another world 4 them (the ones who want sex bla bla bla...)
simply He likes you and wants to know you more than now..
stop looking so hard, they're right around you.
and My ex wife is really sick and how sick she is
A nice dinner at home, or a walk in the park, a full - body massage from you.
that is 1 to 2 people a year you have sex with.
if you were a straight man ?!
they just think like us women!!
Can you GIVE ME an E-MAIL address
was I wrong, Or what should I say thanks
GETTING MAD AND ACTING LIKE a JERK wo HELP EITHER.
does he look at you in his eyes?
It eat up and dive in......that usually works for me.
he then asked me, Can I come with you?
don't ask me . I am a girl but my bro lives in d.c.
When I set my eyes
even if you decide to part company.
Just the eyes and nothing else
Because of the fact that you are asking this question cuz you feel guily.
How do you feel if ur in love with someone you are in love with or not?
and Yeah , see a gyno if you are a girl to rule out anything.
you do want a young girl.
I REALLY LOVE THE OLD FASHION WAY: WHITE & LIGHT PINK, BUT PINK and VIOLET WORKS TOO
it also encurages him, (oh, ok she's laughing at my joke, I'm not blowing this thing after all!)
CALL THE FAMILY TOGETHER,HAVE A GREAT DINNER.THEN HAVE HER FAVORITE dessert MADE OR BOUGHT,PUT THE RING IN THE DESERT.
my my Brittany Murphy, I really like her
act shitty with him, ignore him like he did you, make him feel stupid.
What sort of look is it?
:o Ok, hope that helped you.
if you can deal with him flirting with other girls , then hey I guess that it is fine.
If you can't find anything you're interested in, then it probably won't work and I don't have anymore advice.
maybe you are looking too hard for someone who is exactly the same as the woman you dated.
more like what is she smoking.
if business goes well, and romance goes bad.
My wife snuck on and wrote that, I think she tries to pretend like I'm not a fat boy...
You need to feel her out...
KEEP IN MIND NO ONE KNOWS THAT I AM GAY.
guys have problems with girls because they tend to get nervous.
ask him by striking a conversation with him!
but when he decides to get his ass off his shoulder.
tell them you fear for your safety.
Dress nice and flirt with him, give him your attention.
i always get confused about that?
Then, I found out that he only had the email addresses and not women.
or I need to buy something at the mall.
I did not like it either when I had to let them run my life during school.
but don't bend over backwards to become what you're not.
tell him exactly what you told us....you care but you need your space!
they starving themselves, and talk about nothing at all, except who had sex with whom
you havee lost your virginity by mastubation
Girl only you can decide on this...
try asking him and saying why that bothers you.
must make me laugh...and I agree a good butt is always nice . 2 lol
because we know what we want and are not to budge.
Well do it based on the same evidence that makes women say men are stupid, fools ot have nofeelings!
i think you should not be doing that because sooner or later he is going to hurt you!
when people get drunk , things happen
Awesome ... but it takes work to keep it that way.
(what if he's creepy AND cute?!)
No attraction, no connection...so how do you just say, it's over?
And you should cry, let it out.
Meanwhile these guys spend little or no money on them and get all the action they need .
Once , a cheater is always a cheater.... If he does this to his girlfriend, he'll do it to you.
trying some toys and movies make it kinkieeee
i do think astrology is real.
GET A JOB AND BE INDEPENDENT........ that simple..... I been living Independent since I was 16.. Now I 'm 21 .
If she rejects you , then there are a gazillion other fish in the sea . You don't need her.
But Mainly - FOLLOW YOUR HEART and YOUR GUT FEELINGS !!!
Jus relax and don't ask too many questions . Tip:wear B.O.D.
ask her first , Then if she does not get off , push her off .
And chicks with 'richards' sort of scare me too.
YOU JUST HAVE TO FIND THEM.
well it is by talking of virginity.
No I don't think so, but I'm worried about not having one and I'm 13 too.
:P I don't practice what I preach.
Plus it's a great excuse to hold a woman close, even strange women!
ASKE HER WHAT SHE THINKS, HOW SHE FEELS.
do you think about the guy?
well I dun...I'll for real life experience , we are old enough..
Then just go up to her and start talking.
Have you ask him if he is or if he really likes you.
I GUESS I JUST ALWAYS THOUGHT WE'D GET BACK TOGETHER SOMEDAY.
If it fails, just let it go...
Do what you got to do to make yourself happy.
he has 3 teenagers . She has 3 teenagers . All 6 are good kids .
but just remember that it will get easier.
get yourself out there so people can see you and get to know you.
We are friends but I really want to go out with her!
need more info , my yahoo screen name is Oletennesseanchic17
talk to him about it instead of us!
Ditch 3 of them & spend time alone w/ the one you like lol
JUST LIVE YOUR LIFE, SET YOUR GOALS AND DO UNTO OTHERS AS YOU WOULD HAVE THEM DO ONTO YOU.
If you really want a divorce , get one.
have sex with her . Maybe that will change her mind
due to HURRICANE Katrina I have 15yrs.
in a public place, tell her to get on her knee.
i guess I sorta mean sexually...
If she says YES, then she is the one!
man, I wish we could talk!
having a bitch in his home
I don't mean finding guys in bars, either.
and become be happy with him.
Oh and I see you like the size , so I do have pics and I am very large.
Did this person still has a penis?
Don't try to tell a lie to yourself.
on an online dating thing
perhaps he was going to get around to it, perhaps not.
Maybe you should ignore her because she will just hurt you if you care about her.
guys goin' out w/ not so better - looking or unpopular girls only happen in movies..
just be yourself.believe me it works.goodluck
he gently massaged my back and hugged me again.
y is that some guys do have the guts to tell a gurl how they feel about her?
And if you really love her , then you two should think about going to counceling together.
i'm being myself and I LOVE my life!!!
But to someone else, I mean.
i guess we are more mature.yes it does suck!
just stay straight . lol . it is much easier!
if you do, get out of it fast!
I'ts fun seeing what he likes.
the problem is this: if he cares about you at all, he's going to be apprehensive.
need help , 'll give you advice if you e-mail me.
I'm still in love with my baby's father.
it doesn't have a good impression./e-mail me for more: freddy1140@yahoo.com
because with seperate ones, they only hear one side of a story and can't really conclude anything.
nuuu.. u cannot be born gay,, its sumthin one decides on
there's no age for love or marriage.
mostly at their workplace, laundrymat,walmart, or on the internet, 'm sorry!
they going to a doctor for help and answers !
we have had our up'ss and down's, but we have made it.
Ya should ask her out . That's what I would do if I were a guy
You don't need her to do this.
My boyfriend is really jealous of me . I mean, I'm kinda cute.
If there are no decent guys out there , then would you have 1?
Yes course love is love . there is nuthing else like it .
they n't think about the same things
i knew my husband for 8 mo.
He probably didn't want any relationship at all.
think, will you actually remember it in 30 years?
tell him , you find someone better him , you will not come around you again
Just because your friends are getting married doesn't mean you should be.
If she doesn't want to, then don't do it.
Don't throw yourself at men you are not desperate.
at any chat program , there are such rooms .
Where DOES THIS IDEA COME FROM THAT VIRGINITY IS A PROBLEM?
Rough handling and two minutes of wham-bam-thank ya...ain't gonna cut it for most ladies.
i have a great guy, (if you read my Q, not the 1 I need to break up with.
try to think of things that could spice up your marriage.
ok, fuck what everyone said, and listen to me.
Just ask around Maybe someone will point you the way out of a friend !
ever hear of the expression true love waits?
what you got to do is set your mind back to the right path.
GIRL This IS 2006 . Make you MOVE BEFORE IT is TOO LATE AND HE FINDS SOMEONE ELSE.
when I woke up , he greeted me good morning and made me mac and cheese.
kind of creepy, thirteen is a bit young for anyone, messing with preteen emotions is never good
so yiea, go ahead wit yourself and do it.
do do anything they do want to do or are not ready for.
It time , It is precious hope this helps
do forget her girlfriends too..they are one of the judges...
Don't have sex in bed all the time.
Do you not think girls get tongue tied?
OK, first shave off your beard.
It time , It is precious hope this helps
Don't have sex in bed all the time.
Do you not think girls get tongue tied?
OK, first shave off your beard.
Whatever you do, go to a movie.
How can I make my two friends be friends again ?
If you love him...give him a chance.
there was his stop , so he got off the train.
there are movies that I haven't seen yet.
if you want, email me and we could talk.
Trust me, I was that guy.
because we always have 2 rway
just ignore him if he says 2 u and make your friend like him
don't listen to that chic, nothing happening to her either.
if you do trust him , then you do need to be with him.
have A mutual friend asked him who he likes.
what 'cause you do have any kids?
calling him at work and asking him out.
... If you started NAIRing your nutsack, you've gone a little too far.
i hate it when fellow girls wanna beat other up.
when its your money he's spending , then its ok to gripe and groan.
but Being a virgin in no way affects your health or love life.
I think hygiene is one thing (did I spell that right?)
I think people look like total idiots dancing.
If it is truly your love bird , it will return, If not , it was never yours to begin with !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I want to learn because it helps a guy get laid.
The The The only man who doesn't cry is Chuck Norris...
start a group and stand out
don't give them your full trust.
People lie and cheat more than they ever have.
What I felt while doing it was Why can't this be my wife.
you haven't found the right person yet
Maybe a return joke, not in vengance but the spirit of fun
there nothing wrong with it as long as it's legal!
If you invited her to lunch , then you should pay.
Pick yourself up and go out....have fun!!!
THEY ARE WOMEN, AND WE ARE MEN!
U r rihgt it is often hard to buy for men.
don't arouse her or at least amuse her, then it's a bad idea to force it.
You have a better shot at it working.
I can say that men see porn as sex.
i try to get his attention,but it never works
depends on the girl and how kinky they are
i guess because he would just come up to me and do it without permission
Tust Me . I know all about it and it worked for me .
A woman who is 21 and in college, no.
I think it could survive, why not?
Like I said you deserve better than that!
were you paying with a check or cash on the payments?
you guys just make it look hard.
would you buy a burning house?
after all, the mess is between the two of them.
Guys love girls that give h e a d but seldom take them home.
and everyone like me (the Goths & the Emos) hates you.
;) That *IS* the stunningly-perfect thing.
but all in all , you have to do what is best for you and him.
You gotta have time for that too.
guys have a hard time dealing with things that girls do.
It It's not really a subject . I like Gyms
Say 'm already in love with some els
all in all, treat her like she is already a good friend, You ca go wrong
hiee mayb I can help you out.
I think it is a little too late.
im not in India but I think if you want to have sex.
But hey, I've known myself my whole life.'
you need to think about it
even then a very grey area depending on the judge.
So what if another woman takes a guy back and then gets dumped again.
But, he'll still have to pay.
he then asked me, Do you mind if we cuddle, Diane?
Old enough to know what true love is, and mature enough to not f'k it up.
make him want you to go around wit that dumb shit omfg!
I was very shy before College, and that hurt me with the ladies...
Just to ask that - I hope your girlfriend gives you a good tongue lashing!
I dunno... 've been stuck in the dugout.
But You should wait til the time comes.
LIKE A CAR , YOU HAVE TO BE WILLING TO FIND THE RIGHT PERSON TO FIX IT.
What the hell are you talking about ?
F U C K your self, the best solution.
these guys look at older women .
If you don't try to crash me...
YOU DON'T HAVE TO FIND LOVE.
safe sex that is, like perfectly legal sex, is there?
If things will make better for both of you,then sure,head on!
You cannot sail in two boats at the same time..........if you still love Shaun then stick to him.
(were only 14 but he does have a job fixing and fixing roofs)I . feel like he is cheating on me!
Maybe That is why he took them!
it would be horrible if you didnt try to help her and then she got in a bad situation.
i just had to accept it.
no no no no bad approach.
Does this mean she likes me or is it just a friendly offer?
he'd want to spend time with you (not just in bed)and he'd call.
we are always chillen and I give him some things to say to her.
I don't want to go anywhere..
Maybe I'm tired, had a bad day at work..whatever, whatever...you know???
friends and family and love and relationships.
If you want to , that would be nice.
communicate no matter how tough it is.
men who have this appear stronger for me.
there are more people out there who are like you than you realize.
Sex wouldn't be much fun , would it?
if your gf is really lesbian . I do see what much can be done.
Way too young to get married, best not to have sex.
i used to be one of them, so trust me.
they won't let you cry and be hurt
wen You think he is the one.
don't let the age stop you...my brother married someone 5 years older than he was ...
Just get to know her.Try talking to her,and then(if you become friends with her)tell her that you like her.
don't try to fit in just to be popular because popularity doesn't mean you have a lot of good friends.
That said, I wouldn't make too big a deal of it with him.
remember, just ask a guy that you like if he likes you.
Hi Muncher... The name's Jack, I know a little about what you are talking about.
you CAN ASK HIM OR have A FRIEND ASK , BUT HE MIGHT SAY NO WHEN HE REALLY is 4.
I ca find it inside to talk to her or look at her with really wanting to scream...
It's all in GOD's timing, not ours!
ANY IDEAS HOW TO FEEL BETTER?
On that same note if it is too wrong to seek help!
tone it like an ordinary everyday thing.
yeah I should listen to a guy who has this question.
my b'day is on 1aug and my zodiac sign is Leo.
necking is when you are nuzzling their neck.no there isn't
Nope, it's his if in his name no matter what.
depends on where you are talking.
Marriage SUCKS, That's why you shouldn't do it.
If he wont stop, or cant stop - you ought to consider Why?
whenever ever possible , a mouth close to her ear is always hot.
staying together for the children is not good for anyone.
i think that they like poetry
Why do you ask anyway...enjoy it while you can...its amazing!
Your first impressions of him are very important..does he look like he is a good man?
What DO you THINK OF THIS?
Beat the living crap out of her boyfriend.
But the one thing that I just keep thinking is that Is it worth losing what I have now?
First , tell them to do this....then say you want something else.... and then go on like that.
If no , then something is wrong.
Remember who you married, and not the things that are not important (like leaving the seat up, etc.)
!He will not appreciate what ever you get him.
how much money he has wasted on you, if it was more than what you would have guessed then maybe.
well.. anything is possible... just haven't found 1, do you
The obvious is she has something he likes and you don't.
I wouldn't believe a simple comment like that would be flirting at all.
i think he will say these words to you Just remember them and God bless you sweet
but only say it if you really do.
Maybe you shouldn't even worry about this just yet.
quit vascillating and get back on the horse.
There are people out there that do give a damn about anyone else but themselves.
If you do tell her that you just want to be good friends.
no woman is worth your time if she doesn't want you.
don't mess up your life with him girl!
Men do like to talk much..
or maybe you read his body language???
How old are you ? I would love to chat to you . lol please reply .
puckering up girls or get naked.
Well, here's the brutal truth: Variety is the spice of life!
Besides, if you have someone else ask him, he's really just gonna blow ya off.
Marriage is a load of crap.
now because she got caught and put into consiling.
look at him and tell it to him straight to his eyes.
i guess so I seen a few already
staring at him till he notices you staring at him, then smile and wink :)
if you lie down again, try to protest the treatment or make excuses , then it's over.
IF WE DIDN'T SCREAM YOU WOULDN'T THINK YOU WERE ANY GOOD!!
here are the possible scenarios I can think of: he is shy?
i think 21 is appropriate because they are mature.
oh it at yahoo 200 miles from you.
but be firm , this is your time to be pampered , not his.
It's good to clean things up a little down there.
I know how hard it is.
if he does like you . That 's his problem , not yours .
no,just like u always answer Dr.No
When THE RIGHT PERSON COMES ALONG , YOU WILL DEFINITELY KNOW IT BECAUSE YOUR HEART WILL TELL YOU SO.
its hard because you are really scared too
if you like yourself and what you are doing, and are excited about it, gurls will like you.
i think he was scared of loving you, so he broke up with you for that reason.
and If he notices you probably may have a chance
Say whatever you have felt about her............truly and sincerely
maybe they lose your e-mail address.
What kind of girls do you look for??
...for example: celebrity gossip, fashion, rules of relationships (i.e.
I think not because women really like real guys
if it isnt too hot at that time of the year, maybe even get married on a baseball field.
I don't know about other guys...
Lets be friends, add me to your messenger :D
here with a hint..... its between your legs.
if it isnt too hot at that time of the year, maybe even get married on a baseball field.
I don't know about other guys...
Lets be friends, add me to your messenger :D
I THINK YOU SHOULD TRY to explain TO YOUR WIFE THE SITUATION.
Happy Valentine Day for you too.
he's just trying to play all hard, trust me because I'm a black female.
If you love your girl, ask her to marry you.
the first time I tried, I found a new desire that seemed to take control of my life.
but how she gonna feel better about herself if she acts like this.
i not what I do .
whatever you do, never take sides.
I wouldn't consider it as flirting . A lot of guys liked my long hair , but they weren't flirting.
Do not try to make this guy happy.
that she smells down there and she needs to douche without hurting her feelings.
I wish guys could just be honest though!
Some of us are just quiet......
a single rose on each plate if there are lots of people attending . make it for the main tables only.
if that keeps up . That's the end of civilization.
give him a little space, Don't call him for a while , Let him miss you and call you.
Men are always pulling off crap like that.
talk to her in a serious way
beat the everloving crap out of her.
U don't know you are in love . You feel it not talking about sex .
hey.wat if there is no true love , real loyal friends.u might get tat feelin too.
ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS have a lawyer.
hey Can you answer my Question : what are the negative effects of family planning.. ? In 100 words,,,,,,thanks
pop up questions of a vacation or time to spend with each other
if he is broke, then you should worry.
and give her a dumb look.
no,not all girls are like this.just don't give importance to that girl whi don't care for your feelings.
i have no clue why you are asking!
if you can , then , why would you want someone?
Going slower is always better in the long run- or in the BIG picture!
then , what about all the gymnasts?
Gosh, I just don't get it.
but So far , your education and culture stops your soul from yelling and shouting.
But shes not coming in any films now..
if he does mabey him or what about your mother?
To some women out there LOVE = MONEY (unfortunately)
No drama is going on with you and him.
for instance: nick Denny + NE or nick Denny + nebraska or maybe try Nicholas Denny
if you really love them , then it does matter
If he accepts... Would you want that?
something that a normal friend would not
But, I have a bf thats wonderful 2 me' and I learned a lot
When a chick is sucking and the dude is licking all at the same time
i am sure you will feel good then!
one but you know what is best for you.
the 2 who fought have long since made up & moved on.
i am naturally thin, not anorexic.
treat your wife right, respect and love her like day one and your relationship will never sour.
If you are looking for love , you 're looking for trouble.
Sweetie...if you have to ask....then its not love.
Hi Callgal, IT 's all above trust...heheeeeeeee
If not, then they never were.
for all I know you could be some overwieght pimple faced freak!
You don't want her to think that's the only thing on your mind.
She begged me to screw her and I did.
most men will think you have .
AND IF HE DOES HOW I APPROACH THIS PERSON , I LIKE MYSELF.
maybe she thinks the same thing about you
'm 11 . You should pick guys that you like,hang around them,the hot ones try 2 notice,but,might not.
He even told my mother that he wanted to be with me.
girls a lot easier to impress than you think.
Uh, I know that one is soooo good.
Anyways...Its cuz they left an imprint-when you fall in love again you think of your first love automatically
I thought I had one.... but someday without recognizing I meet someone and now we're best friends.
All of them (except the ugly)
or is mellow and I do care.
its kind sad that we are so worried about looks
lol.i do think there is anything wrong with a little foot fetish.lol
if he gets mad , keep it to yourself
Most rebels seek love... so just try to be affectionate but not possessive.
because I need to know so if you would leave a message that would be great!!!!
choose a person that is always there for you .
next time , try by checking for spelling.
(example: Like going to the theatre - Stage not a movie?
This will surely make things better 4 u.
i got real diomond earings and he made me dinner
no girl wants to go out with a cheap guy.
if its not a native in him !
Well, why I get turned off is cuz they look like they are just doing it to get attention.
A bouquet of flowers with pictures of yourself all in it
it's the number after 68 and the one just before 70
Well , I 've got more guy friends than girls .
im kinda of a smart guy... can I use that
A white iPOD Nano would be nice though.
too young to think about that, You have your life ahead of you!
As I said, I feel for you and I *truly* mean that!
im not really for sure if I should or not.
any advice , ladies or men . Please help!
do ask me if it feels good to a girl, 've never experienced that.
Is it walks on the beach?
'cause if you 'cheated' on him, whats the point in being HIS friend?
however, it doesnt sound like he's very happy with her at all.
you know me , a single parent is very tough , but it also depends on you... why?
O yea .. Wat's ur b/f name ?
you rub your genitals on the monitor...just make sure you aren't at a cyber cafe...that was embarassing
It's the least you can do...
Emotionally you are cheating on her on principle...
Don't be shy and just approach him,if you don't talk you never know.
cause they haven't been crapped on by enough jerks yet.
jus show them that you have more balls than them.
if you like Valentine's day , then you should.
she trying to put me in jail so that she can get the kids back ...whats you think
i'm a guy who just can't get enough outta my love life.
First of all, don't hate yourself.
but I am not a cow girl or a contryfied redneck.
heck I got a new Jaguar.
wat is wrong with you that's just a little too old child.
Maybe be you never tried....try to love him...automatically you will understand him...
tell them do pressure , the right time will come.
ask your boyfriend because she may not be lying and she may. be
they see me as their trophy that has to be perfect so that they can show me off.
I have friends that did that and they are so much happier now.
from the back...well...i'll let you figure it out.
Who tells you that you are good...
My favorite dreams are when I fly.
she like you too if you talk all the time.
Oh wise fool, ye hath spoken.
(hey I herd your going out with _____ so that is great)and look for his answer.
and If he is the love of your life , he will come back.
Play pool, drink (tea of course), Skip that long - term relationship stuff...
because then I would do it and keep it to myself.
you could listen to me if you want to.
If you can't talk about it , then you're not ready.
to inventing a time machine
WELL IF YOU CHEATED , THEN YOU PROBABLY want
of course , what you look like , face boobs and behind
She do trust you... You want to know why???
they always expect me to be somebody that I'm not.
when both of you are ready , then you'll know how to talk about it.
Women don't ALWAYS get abused...only when they are with an ABUSIVE male that has a head problem.
or try this- I love you.
the woman , It is supposed to be a surprise for him or if not , you should go together
i think a lot of guys past up some pretty good women because of their looks.
plus trust is what holds relationships together!
Or maybe you just did if he reads these too.
If she glares at you or turns her head...move on.
he matchs you with his life (that shows how much he cares about you).
If you gotta ask this ?--- then YEP-- she prob' IS
Yea u should walk her to Herlock and talk to her and tell her how you feel
I don't think it should matter.
your sister should realise about him.
Well blah blah blah, I hope this helps you out.
at least not in my dreams.
But if you like it, then go ahead.
What ever he tells you for the phone being off , use that same line right back at him.
Love makes you do things that you don't normally do.
First of all , AWW how cute getting married on Valentines day and Congratz!s
so young, plus it's the best when you are in your 20's
Kiss at Any Age, Sex at 15-18 with protection ,18 + whatever you want
its because SOME guys are really big jerks and really big idiots!
Grandma, you used to do such beautiful cakes!
I hate all the guys out there that abuse their girlfriends/wives!
choose one and hope she does find out about the other.
go ask him out, for hell's sake.
I No this question aint love and romance , but I really want to
So basically all your doing is breaking a heart.
Go to My Q&A and click on the avatar thing.
And we ARE looking for guys, just not in the same way that guys look for girls.
just keep talking to people . You 're sure to find people even if you ca date them.
It sounds like you love your boyfriend a lot.
Most guys want girls they ca get and they just dream about.
For Chrissakes, woman, get a grip.
I was a virgin bride when I got married at the age of 28!
Well we do . just that most girls aren't that nice in return , but I'm not one of them.
i like this girl that sits in front of me in history
hell I ca open up to myself a good look.
maybe he feels guilty or really just wants one thing and wants to get personal
Guys are like that , you know.
my tongue and women 's private regions... especially with my vibrating tongue ring
and I don't even know if he even cares about me anymore.
I personally don't care what the people I date look like (within reason).
if he's in a relationship , leave him alone to find your own guy.
when she says do ya wanna feel?
I like their eyes, they tell a lot about people that they don't want you to know.
You just haven't found the right man yet, so don;t give up.
But I can't help the way I feel.
Is that like the two GAY Irish guys that got married ?
Bring them on anytime... mm mmm mmm!
I couldn't help it ; I'm HETERO and proud of it !
also , if you can play an instrument, that instant sex apeal!
update both of you about what's going on.
That'll win ya his love alright.
Spend time with family and friends.
that depends.....on who asked for the date.....the person who asked for a date pays
Flowers on the side , always makes me feel special when I receive that from my guy though.
You don't hun, cheaters never prosper...doncha know its not cool to be a homewrecker!!
or get him something that he really likes.
(it might seem like a date, but there are differences.)
second all, you should tell him that you like him!
Well, it's all about what YOU are comfortable with, but if it were ME, I'd feel totally weird!!
i would think it would only strengthen any kind of relationship between you!
....Have a gr8 time ......hope u ll send me an invitation for marriage..hope so....congratz.......
good luck is all that I can say.
Maybe you should try hookin up with a girl instead of a cat.....that ud help out a lot
WAIT TO SEE WHAT HE DOES.
like I love my husband, but feel for this new guy.
i only like body buldiers that arn't to musculer and that don't keep their shirts off 24/7.
that all depends on how he feels about you using his name on the internet.
because they are shy and immature!!!!!!!!!
like wear an apron with nothing else on., etc.)
he ca control you if you do let him.
Sweetie, you will eventually grow up and find that not all guys are stupid and freaks.
'm still trying to get over an ex who I have seen in almost 4 years.
let me know what you think.
Toothpicks can't say the same, lol!
But still keep calling me and asking me out.Why?
Just make sure your trying and not a coach potato!
but it does not happen all the time... remember it all in your mind.
Because it's a man telling his woman that she is EVERYTHING to him!!
And women let them, so why not.
it mostly because they really do believe it or they are too scared to say it to their face.
if she rejects you . Hey I will always be here.
We're talking about guys here, Of course it's possible!
printed business cards with wedding date, names etc.
But I've met some great people who were in wheeelchairs and went on in life and found love!
If you have to ask, I doubt you know yet...
first, ask him what he would do if he found out you cheated.
Just get them.. not that hard.. Just go up a man you like and ask him out.
i wouldn't want to lose a friendship, but I think he likes me too!!
I do know what your age is, but no matter.
this of course , just for now, if you get married, who knows what it will be like... :-)
If they dumped you , then it really wasn't meant to be.
check your local jr/sr high . It is teeming with boys .
What do I do without kicking her
Like Do they always go for looks?
and use one or more of them.
If you do fit into this profile that they are looking for , they do even give you a chance.
I don't like it and neither do you.
I say more power to him...lol... but, if he loves himself, will he swallow? it Is it it ?
move on, he has found someone else , sorry sweetie
I guess it all depends on what type of question you are asking.
The name of the so - called female!
16 is not too young to think about having sex.
But it was not so good!
And once you get out, don't go back.
BUT WHEN FANTASY BECOMES REALITY; WELL, REALITY CAN BE VERY SCARY.
i guess they think it is kewl to dominate the relationship.
Yes, but not as quick with a woman with some nice firm cleveage.
You just have to look hard for them.
i think she may be interested in good luck!
read the book , he's just not into me.
maybe she is mad at you ha ha
Are we not human too?Why do men love to abuse us?What do they get from that?Somebody PLEASE HELP.....
if you ca stand waiting, you should just try to stop liking him.
Its all how you use it!
**tosses hands up in the air**
If you are a beautiful girl and if you are ugly , unfortunately , ,
You will know when you are in love with someone!
Try , but don't overdo it, it might scare him off!..
All my friends had kids - IN HIGH SCHOOL - some got married, some got around.
lol all the girlz at your school!
Booty call= 2 people meet up JUST for sex.
Take a longboat and 20 of your best men, seek out her house, PILLAGE , PLUNDER AND BURN!
My bet is most pick Angelina?
No one likes to eat alone.
if she loves you, she will look at your eyes,
im uncut and have no bad smell.
if you are n't in love , and meek yourself yourself a sleaf.
I met a really great guy and I'm really happy.
Ther are guys that like thick girls.
if you visit down south again, try to notice what kind of smell it is.
everything else is just so strangely confusing..............................
I'm a girl and I'm still not sure.
Then this girl in my class said that he LOVES her . What should I do??
It sounds weird . I know , but as a girl I do it too.
But guess what.....you guys made us that way.
rinse and repeat it as needed.. hopefully every day.
Before you No , you guys will go out.
Why don't you ask your mom
i hate that people talk about people behind their backs.
its all pink in the middle
Haha, I have never used that excuse, that's pretty lame.
I say yes , it is wrong to fall in love with your God Brother!
i think I have three as well.
we have to have kids together and and I want to think about their feelings with whatever I do.
Haha, I have never used that excuse, that's pretty lame.
I say yes , it is wrong to fall in love with your God Brother!
i think I have three as well.
exercise more...that's what my guy does...he can hold out to 1hr plus...that's 's the longest..if I'm not wrong...=D
we have to have kids together and and I want to think about their feelings with whatever I do.
Most rap, and hip hop sucks.
Most guys have strenuous jobs (a lot of ladies too) .
hope that you can get some that can see that nice guys are way better!
He wants to feed his ego.
If you over 18 I say look at bars, church, restaurants and chicks walkin down the street.
maybe He is not serious about your relationship , he is just flirting
He's right... you wasting your time with a nonesense guy.
IF YOU ARE IN A WAR LIKE THAT, GET OUT OF IT!
just look him in the eyes for a minute.
and do listen to people who say this site isnt for dating, because they are just mean.
But He wont tell me he loves me even after a year and a half!
yea sweetie - way too young
Go out with a girl that likes you.
n ignore him a little bit and the next time he asks you if the movies should go!
because I can't stop paying them to be
Cuase ummm lets think.......... o ya caus wen they see Sombodi prettier people like them instead.
my girlfriend, did the same thing.
There ARE more girls than guys in the world.
if he DOESNT act like that toward other girls, then SWEET!!!
2. Hey, you free fri (or whatever) night?
tell your course , I mean you are stuck with him for life and you might drift away from your friends
involve in other activities!engage your mind always!
I mean, they probably have no idea what to talk about 9not that they shouldn't!)
well first of all, you shouldn't try to break him and his girlfriend up.
Sometimes women like it when it's hard... What?
Just say, Hey, if I were bigger than you, would you still want to be with me?
just read ladder theory, really shouldn't have, I have more guy friends than gal friends, and now....
If he says no, ask another guy.
He definitely not COOL n'est-ce pas?
depends on where the piercings are
Me and my buddy did it a lot.
lots of things which they don't have,love,friendship,hmmm and ****
if he's got an extra bulge in his pants
Y do wives have to gain weight and quit having sex once you get married?
Yes you r 2 yug 2 b thinking about marraige with someone.
we love watching our loved ones .
by asking this question to thousands of people
take a hot shower with a lot of soap
but you need to move on.
Because he is a jerk that is disrespecting you!
Then from there anything can happen...if things arent so good at home.
we realized that age doesn't matter if you really feel strongly for that person.
eyes and smile *yummy* oh and the muscle factor!
He says he loves you, but is that not enough?
It Depends on how BIG a Big a Shawn is.
Married guys see nothing they want in the bedroom and go to the fridge.
But your not doing it as a couple.
Being gay isn't bad, but distortioning the concept IS
Some guys are just jerks and they do appreciate what women do.
it just seems like I ca find true love anywhere
Even if you say you forgive, you will forget
i'm 18, my boyfriend is 21 and we're getting married.
and those guys are usually jerks, by my experience.
bald is sexy,like porn stars sexy!
do everything to reach a stage where your money starts for you
And then do what you know is the best for you .
go to the doctor and see if you may you are depressed.
Beg him to come back 2.
and strange fact is that you have a doubt if you are a really bad person.
So no it is NOT cool..
do worried the tongue n't even hurt . I peirced my own but go get ur done professionally .
There really are better guys out there, but first you have to get yourself back.
hey I too am searching for a gf . Could you be the one if you do mind plz???????
if you are ready enough to take responsibility for the family you build with your loved one.
But I know he isn't happy.
really too young.. You must focus on your studies.
i wondering if you wanted to come.
i am 13 too, you should get a boyfriend if you meet a really nice guy.
But I know he isn't happy.
really too young.. You must focus on your studies.
i wondering if you wanted to come.
i have this problem . I can't hold back my ejaculation or my orgasim.
i think you should go for it, have fun.
Gay men in a relationship don't always have to use protection.
Because the other person HAS ALREADY moved on with their life WITHOUT YOU!!
BUT I HAD A TUBLELIGATION ALMOST 10 years
you can check out my question, under singles, and dating.
u n't have to look for anybody, everything might come spontanly!
No means no, weather it is a girl or guy who says it.
see I like this guy and I would LOVE to go on a date with him...HOw?
NO IT NOT too YOUNG , BUT YOU NEED TO BE THINKING IF YOU ARE READY OR NOT.
Princess, Yours seems to be a popular question, on Yahoo Answers anyways...
It sounds like he's probably only great when he's getting his own way.
If you can't trust me, then to hell with you.
The boss paid both bills :)
i mean doing it from the anus
as long as you do tell the guy you are having sex with.
i understand what you are saying because I am there.
The The jocks are big and stupid and pointless.
There are some nice guys out there.
they aren't really men if they have to beat up on a woman.
and why don't guys like me?
I acted like I didn't care about him anymore , but he still call.
Promise him a surprise on Valintines night , then break up with him!
bug him and try kissing him too
Why cant they just say it to their faces?
N E wayz your friends are probably r jealous now cuz your still a Virgin.
They are dumb until they grow up.
but only if they keep themselves fit...no beer bellies!
hey, I went online, maybe you can too.
Why cant they just say it to their faces?
N E wayz your friends are probably r jealous now cuz your still a Virgin.
They are dumb until they grow up.
but only if they keep themselves fit...no beer bellies!
hey, I went online, maybe you can too.
NO ONE KNOWS ,BECAUSE YOU DID NOT GIVE US ENOUGH INFO.
if you're in love, you'll know!!
Ask yourself what you really want?
or just confront him about it.
and if there arent any nice guys around , then just stay single
sure, you know actually, anything more than a mouthfull is a waste anyway.
but later the relationship will breakdown because he couldn't please you.
Duhhhhhhhhhh they like with Therir i's
I don't know for sure - it was so long ago.
To Pink Stealth: Could you please remove that brick from your a'ss
Do you know what it is?
If you don't have a million awkward silences , then ur pretty good and have a shoot.
Why not skip dating all together.... Go out.. Bowl..
just have a talk before v-day so you can skip gifts if you can
This means that he did not like you from inside his heart .
i am not sure that bisexual girls and girl on girl kissing is becoming more common , but it is cool though
i usually try to avoid kissing on the first date.
I asked her how she liked being teased and she said she loved it!
MAybe she is mad at you for some reason and you just don't know what it is.
sex after marriage is an old idea...
one word sums it all up.
My wife set me up with her.
there are many better ways to talk to guys...
des hit it on the head.
And don't worry about the guys who don't look past your size.
Why should I feel pain ? Do I enjoy pain ?
that is so sweet he probably got to know you more after a year in a half.
If you feel like calling, DO IT!
To see what else is out in the sea!
its because the definition of the word soulmate is very difficult .
I think your wrong and your man really really loves you just like you love him.
i answer ur else ?
do You mean who do YOU love?
Why don't you try to find out his fetish fantasy
lots of different things cause a nasty oder down there.
and she definitely said it because she was jealous.
and we think that is what guys like . Therefore we now appear even more sexier to guys
I have since re-married, and I still have MY life and I am njoying every second of it!!!!
She cut his throat before he could scream....
yeah that was why marriages lasted before sex was all that mattered.
I consider myself a pretty good looking woman but I get passed up for girls with obvious beauty!
my name Pancho I'll show you a picture later and my **** is 8 inches
Just tell her you would not say no, if she asked you to be her boyfriend/lover...
IF HE IS WILLING TO GO TO ALL YOUR school DANCES and GO FOR IT.
But only get married if your fiance or both of you are finaniancially stable!
getting them to move on is difficult.
im right here come get me . I 'm horny .
coz ur d only 1 left in dis group..!
What do you think I should do about it?
If so, then you should give it a shot.
Probably nothing that wouldn't get censored by Yahoo!
not just wait for a guy that likes you If ur really ugly, I hope ur patient.
you want it to be something that you both enjoy.
but nice guys like that are extremely hard to find.
They were in my mind peace makers, I wanted someone that wouldn't mind fighting.
men are hard to understand , but you can get around that.
can a couple regain trust after cheating?
That guy will come to you soon!
when you get married you might accidentally cheat.
Heads = you are fun and cool, tails = not...
Uhh.... Well, there are some hygiene issues there.
can a couple regain trust after cheating?
That guy will come to you soon!
when you get married you might accidentally cheat.
Heads = you are fun and cool, tails = not...
Uhh.... Well, there are some hygiene issues there.
I Cna really explain why guys do this , except maybe they are afraid to get close.
never oppose or disagree with him ..
yea especially when you dared her to.
my my friends w/ a lot of my ex's.
How can you consider marriage before meeting the gal?
FOR ME A RAP SONG about ME!!!!!!!
(Wasn't this on Seinfeld, pitchers and catchers?)
platinum - it looks great and is tougher than gold.
i think it would depend on the partners ' ability...
If you have to ask yourself if he is cheating he probably is.
chocolates, shopping, your best friend, becomes a lesbian..mayb.. get another boyfriend..
Guys like to talk about sex.
He's hanging out with you, right?
At least I don't do it in front of my man.
am a girl & take my advice...
Sorry I put you right back where you where but it is no lie .
I really need help from guys and girls
Well Sweetie if you really are in love with him , then forget about it and trust him.
It may take a good while, dude...best of luck nonetheless!
Just ask her, hey I was wondering, u wanna go see a movie Friday (or whichever) night?
The worst thing you could do is to get hung up on any single guy.
do you him at school?
1) First thing, be honest .
Don't try to control them . They will cheat to get back at you
PLEASE HELP ME SO WE HAVE A CHILD!
Maybe everything she told you is a lie.
look you need to start getting over him . I 'm sure there are plenty of other guys for you!
I was in love with a jerk, it was a need-love.
im looking for a hot grlr who is very willing to be my friend..
austin texas...theres always something to do here...
and do not yell or berate us for no damn reason.
yes r. So if you want to be a good person , then do their relationship like before.
her personality, the way she looks, ect....
guys dig it when ladies fight over them, so be aggressive :)
stop listening to yourself self you met someone online.
i don't think anything would happen
What sort of genius are you ?
i wouldn't mind anyone (chicks only) replying to ethersteve05 for that matter.
Everyone is beautiful no matter what they look like.
so once he finds one he will stop being satisfied with the flirting!
I looking around in total wonder and awe every
to die empty..............after utilizing all my God - given tallent.................
you just gotta wait to meet that kind of guy!
Everyone is beautiful no matter what they look like.
so once he finds one he will stop being satisfied with the flirting!
I looking around in total wonder and awe every
to die empty..............after utilizing all my God - given tallent.................
you just gotta wait to meet that kind of guy!
Drink a little achohol to get up, then go some where women are and talk.
It is the juices talking Sweety!
What kind of women like shy men?
Yeah, that way, you know that there's more sex like your wife/husband does .
Last, Did you know people change like the seasons and the weather?
Sometimes My friend makes little stupid comments like this one time...
What Katie said is SO true- (Great thoughts girl!)
well being gay . Your chances of finding someone do go down somewhat.
-K This is Turkish H. Yes, walking her to her lock would be SO romantic.
If he likes you , he will be grateful and , unless you hate kids, that shouldn't be a problem.
MOVE ON, BUT KEEP AN OPEN MIND-IF SHE DID PANIC; SHE MAY STILL COME AROUND.
you just have to pay for someone to use the internet.
if you really love the one that is furthest away from you , then you wouldn`t do anything with anyone.
Go on a first date again!
It depends on if its the first date or not
if you don't who will (rock on with peace and love.
I don't think Jesus would marry a Muslim man, do you?
Tried X once- loved the closeness I felt during sex.
the woman...actually we get a better deal on that because most men like just plain bands!
honestly, This question makes you sound like a total shallow jerk.
i'll give it to you baby!
I don't look my age and I am a good guy.
It kinda like the prince charming thing , mostly strong and handsome.
wow, pretty much everybody gave you a I'm a jerk kinda answer..
that, most of the time, means he LIKES you OK?
In short.....Repect your self....What go around...Comes around......
you can get a divorce for any reason .
so honestly , more than a mouthfull is a total waste .
Say Hey freek `` I don't want your company!
This isn't really happening to me . I just want to know what you guys would do!
we sat down and he sat right next to us.
And If you get married , do not have a baby right away.
Then tell a lot of fat jokes.
a few diseases and/or a really bad aftertaste
you know , I can't tell you that even if I try
SAN ANTONIO, MANY THINGS TO DO THERE, BUT NOT EXPENSIVE.
hire a private investigator...they are not cheap so be prepared!
Get out of the house and hang with friends.
me, 'm in depresion, do know about you.
Think about what your family would say if they knew!
How about trusting your heart and head?
and I think that u r cute . You should be me 1 day or email me
SO DOES HE LIKE ME OR I JUST IN THE WAY OF WHATEVER HE'S LOOKING AT.
good question....any details to go with that?
PLEASE HELP ME IF you CAN!!!!!!
I think mature guys do like quiet girls more so than loud obnoxious ones
make it sound nicer, like plump, for example.
I am an Asian and I have really fair skin but I do like dark guys
Ask her if she is interested !
Stupid question ...man wants the opposite sex ...and for ???
trying to take control, threatining, hitting, bad history...
I have a good guy in my life that adores me.
sry again and thanks for coming to my topic
guys think a woman must defend herself b/c they would be scared of him.
fat people are the best ones...
slim, girl run for the hills!!
Just wait until some guy asks you out.
Nah--you should just leave it alone.
do it while she is sleeping or go to another room
PROVE TO HER THAT YOU LOVE HER AND THAT YOU WANT TO BE WITH HER FOR A LONG TIME.
Yeah, I don't think that's the kind of question that should be asked here.
160,000 rs ( $ 3500.00) ... but that is back in India
Even told her I would marry her to show her how much I love her.
Its hard , but you need to get over it!
Then you can mold them into a decent man!!
Every day . I have to repeat the sequence.
yikes...i'd take your time, especially if he;s only 18!
Or What would you get your DAD for his birthday?
if you did something bad that he would like, maybe... but if not, why worry?
I hate you and I think that maybe you should just end your .............. life!
tell her that her boyfriend is your friend.
Ever watch the movie American Pie when one of the guys actually did a pie?
No, I think that's kinda mean.
friends are friends til the end!
Maybe you're not doing it right.
GET HIM OUT OF YOUR LIFE NOW!!!!!!!!!!
SO I JUST THINK WHAT EVER FLOATS YOUR BOAT!!
friends are friends til the end!
Maybe you're not doing it right.
GET HIM OUT OF YOUR LIFE NOW!!!!!!!!!!
i think that men are because they ca hurt you like a female friend can.
SO I JUST THINK WHAT EVER FLOATS YOUR BOAT!!
And nice guys are sincere and not fun n entertainers as those jerks are.
Just depends on what you like.
trying to become friends with her again
( duhh) now I just wanna make sure if it's OK
depends on if you want him to break up with you or not.
'm very confused and I would really like it if sum1 could give me sum gud advice........... Thanxx Trish
a g string and sumthn sexy!)
Ones that have me as a damsel in distress!
geeks are nice, and overly self - aware.
relocation will not be a problem for little times.
and saying that it will not do it.
what would you and your girlfriends say or talk about if that or something like that happened?
AND IF YOU ARE READY , USE PROTECTION!
If you were my daughter , he'd be in jail or get his *ss kick for touching my little girl.
ONLY if he is fine , if he ain't you can do better .
those are some ideas, hopefully they will help!
It You It is so far, good job!
i can tell she kinda likes me.
I asked why and he said I don't know.
i think that you are a little confused, you have it backwards
If ur pimpin..... she's probably cheatin
but when men like to do it is please their women .
Especially if you truely love her and care about her!
if a year ca outrun a cabbie, You got problems.
well Most guys are interested in hott looking girls.
but do do that OK, cuz that is a total stalker right there.
My dad died when I was 7 and I'm 34 now and it still hurts.
Take it easy, only time will tell.
b/c When it goes down to it , women do have the upper hand on things.
Most guys like myself do like to let our gaurds down for fear of being looked at as week
love , not sex , is the making of a good marriage!
So it you if you want him to.
Take it easy, only time will tell.
Most guys like myself do like to let our gaurds down for fear of being looked at as week
love , not sex , is the making of a good marriage!
So it you if you want him to.
And I finally got over it!
so if you want a beautiful life, then give it to God.
I'm not going to lie men are great fun, but not worth losing a true friend over.
Tell me, Why you think that your girl is cheating on you?
ni*ga u acten lyk a lil b*tch rite now quit n jus bang him
but it was gentle like it was apropreate for that night.
many.but you are looking in the wrong place
UH OH I ca COUNT RIGHT NOW
If you have even the slightest doubt , then don't do it.
Just squeezing your butt cheeks about the same.
we love each other so much and we can't live without another , should I do!!
Well, don't think having a different gender person as a friend is embarrassing, it's not!!
The best outcome being that he'd like you for both :)
take them, who knows, maybe you meet somebody
we are always hanging on each other and and he always says he loves me.
No, you shouldn't have sex until you are married!
if getting married...y r you worried?
So yes, I would rather love and loose than never love at all.
:-) You can use it if you like.
If you know your guy then you should be able to tell if he's lying or not.
No, you shouldn't have sex until you are married!
if getting married...y r you worried?
:-) You can use it if you like.
If you know your guy then you should be able to tell if he's lying or not.
Like If you were closing your eyes , would you know the difference?
yes and it is horrible to have everyone stare at you . Then comes the worst part , the gilt
My bf hates girls kissing each other.
Suck it up I say to her...use the support for what it is intended.
i want to give him something creative
but 'm not sure you could go to jail because its a pretty large amount
but if you do decide to, do have more kids than that, unless it because you get married
i like which one do you like???????
Don't do a half-a$$ job at something.
here with an idea...tell your boyfriend to tell her (infront in of you) that he is not interested in her.
go to a bar or a famous theatre
Well.... My legs are nice & long, but my ass is pretty wide, so.....
Hes a jerk . You just leave a person hanging like that.
whenever I make a mistake . They really do harshly punish me.
or a male friend of the family?
if you have any good advice , please let me know.thanks
Is he who he says he is?
boys are not that hard to find , but make sure you do find the wrong type.
WHEN YOU ASKED,AND IF IT WERE HIM, YES.
unles it's a guy they are discussing.
And yeha' I loved him and could see myself with any single else
most any guy will jump at being with you.
boys are not that hard to find , but make sure you do find the wrong type.
WHEN YOU ASKED,AND IF IT WERE HIM, YES.
unles it's a guy they are discussing.
And yeha' I loved him and could see myself with any single else
most any guy will jump at being with you.
you pathetic breaking up with a guy because he does look good.
First BE a FRIEND to HER/HIM.
Or just a relationship for the fun of it?
I just want to see what happens when you find out THE HARD WAY!
Chances are, if he's the type never to call you, he's n't know it anyway.
Hell' yeaha' you get help u tell him to go fu** hiself, because you 're better than that.
go to Avatar.yahoo.com if you have'nt made an avatar yet.
FIRST BECOME ARACNIA AND THEN JOIN LINKEDIN OR DOOSTANG...
Bill-Youre not supposed to tell anyone about that!
And I wouldn't change a thing!
i have complete confidence in you.
?..dnt try to portray Urself as someone else n just be urself..AND YES NO LIES AT ALL!!
No....I got married on Valentines day, and it was a disaster.
find a new one, his best friend.
if he is sincere , then he will definitely not lead you on.
so they tend to try to live them through their children.
you could try talking to a friend or family member and that may help
more than likely , the guy your with is just dealing with sensation overload.
If I had to guess, I would say it meant you danced so much it wore through the rug
ASK God TO BLESS YOU WITH ONE.
That's just a rule of thumb...If you have to ask...then its not love.
If you think she'd be angry , then don't do it.
Trust me, If he told you that he loved you , you would like him as much.
small candels... wrap them yourself with little bags and tie a pretty ribbon around them..
How much do you love your bf?
I don't know know what he is expecting...and HOW.
If you start doing something and it doesnt feel right..stop.
that's the way to do it... turn it up another notch!
sometimes It is a blessing in disguise .
but hey, I guess if you want to, and you treat each other right, why not?
But don't get worried . He just might want a night out with no ladies interruption.
Just ask him if he is with someone else and what does he feel for you?
i do not think it is rape if they are both willing?
take him to court if he does not respond.....
If they like it stay with them.
Ok I got married a few months before I turned 21 and then I got pregnant right after.
Can't be that much if you cheated.
I think you only love YOURSELF
just because....strangers in the night, aids in the morning ;)
Then tell him you guys can just be friends.
otherwise, he's a really great guy, so if you're going to suggest dumping him, don't bother...it's not gonna happen!
Sounds like you are .....your owe the worst yackety yak!
Then tell him you guys can just be friends.
otherwise, he's a really great guy, so if you're going to suggest dumping him, don't bother...it's not gonna happen!
Maybe tell him sorry, you are a really great guy , but I do not see you that way.
it takes a lot of time.
girls just love waiting...guys love collecting
probably wondering if there is love and kindness out there for you.
Smile and feel amazed that someone finds you so special.
Weird Guys have a way of attaching and hanging on and stalking....etc.
HOW to GET A GUY THAT you LIKE 2 ASK you OUT WITHOUT HAVING 2 ASK HIM OUT!!!
YOU HAVE TO STOP IT at THE BEGINNING!
...WAIT it's the best thing to do.
BE RESPONSIBLE..RELAX...AND Let HIM PROVE TO YOU THAT HE IS THE REAL THING FOREVER...GL
Why not just go for a kiss and see what happens!!
If he's worth keeping, The next time she flirts with him he'll tell her that he's not interested.
Don't worry he is out there,not too far from you now.
I married a man years younger.
i do have some redneck tendencies , but I am a thugish freak .
Probably, You have never made ANY mistakes in your life!
But I am beginning to see another side, the one where he is married.
It sounds like she needs to set some boundaries with her husband...and FAST!
Don't go out with someone like that.
unless you are fat and hideous or he is.
does she want a big chunk of ice?
You want to go to Lubbock!
U MEN MAKE US THAT WAY LOL
bluntley asking them to keep their pride in that
You shouldn't look for a guy.
old enough to bleed, old enough to breed
have them drop you off about five blocks away.
greet him with a hug and a kiss .
but you, Well, its OK for people to date younger men
maybe before he found you , he used to flirt with every girl he saw.
but You have 2 ask him !
AND JOCKS ARE WAY HOTTER ANYWAY!
if The date was going well . Then yes .
If he doesn't like you, that 's OK.
the right one will come along!
since I 'm a guy... yes kiss the girls and make out with them... its normal....
then , once you you think about it , make your decision
SURE I WILL PICK ME LOL
Love is not something you go looking for . it is something that just happens.
or something really special we can do.
don't talk to him till he talks to you .
from very far away, unless you want to get smacked...
simple and sweet is how I like it, but most all my friends are into big rocks.
let him rest for at least 30 minutes.
here , are 4 things to do while not in bed .
she's white and sort of a party girl.
EXCUSE US BOSTON GIRLS ARE FINE!
go to a friend to help you out
yeah really, ask him hey, do you want to go out?
posture , self respect , great smile , height and stuff
last you need to ask yourself , it will become a problem .
My priority used to be friends, family,...but now I have to change my prority to only money.....
It depends on the woman and you really need to see what you wants.
ummm...when you walk together, walk close to her.
Nope, not by a long shot.
he or she is using abusive language.
I guess , just try to say it as nice as you can.. Good Luck!
IT WILL MAINLY HAPPEN WHEN I GET MARRIED TOO . I AGREES ..... MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
SO HOW CAN I GET HIM 2????
yes, personally I like them small.
You'll be happy when they are around, always!
No, it could spice things up a bit.
should mean that he likes you.
I am really sweet and I don't look that bad...
If you know her colors, then that would be a great option...
i taking a shower every day (almost)
I won't b thinking about that for another 2 yrs, unless you have permission from your parents
How would you like it if someone did that to you?
But also be sure he CAN trust you!
But the answer is - because boys are dumb.
Obviously you shouldn't tell him the real reason - but I think you aren't giving him a fair chance.
I just do not get it.
hair in a bun and eye liner and mascar does work great.
Duh... Its possible for a guy to get horney if he's doing __________?
Be careful , so you guys do ruin the friendship youve got.
What I mean to tell you is that I'm not good for you.
internet BF'S are simple and you can express yourself more.
fulfill his fantacy..i am sure you will enjoy it too( even if you said /thot you want
maybe, They For some reason , do want him to go out with you.
the same goes with my cat...uh...sir feline.
I myself would just tell her.
o.k.- did that answer your question?
Don't have one for your info.!!
then if there isnt, say fu.. you bi..., I thought we were friends!
Valentine's Day is just for stuff like this.
EVERYONE ELSE IS GOOD TO GO.
you really don't know what that is?
I small breeze blowing the right way can make a guy aroused!
jewlrey, but definitely a teddy bear...
but wait so you don't get hurt.
TRY TO EXPLAIN how YOU FEEL
no but reassuring him won't cost you anything if it gives him peace of mind.
Guys are pretty simple to please.
go taking some dance classes.. the kind where only females can attend
Well , just tell him you like him . If you are lucky , you will receive it!
aslo the job thing . I do know what to tell you about that.
so blaming it wo do ... be cool and control your life ..
If he is freaking then I dunno I like freaks.
Well , just tell him you like him . If you are lucky , you will receive it!
Most people want a fat woman or a man unless they are a fat man.
(go find him)and just be a good friend to other.sssss
looking to get to know females.
Should I finally say something and what exactly should I say?
Tell her how pretty she is.
You are only young once , so enjoy it!!
There's only one way you're going to find out...ask him!
But if she doesn't answer your phone calls is she really your R friend.
hey girl you are so right if this is a girl , tell them nigga's who are really in charge
Who cares about the Barbie doll?
Yes , start taking a shower at least once a day!
me and the guy started talking in June, and we're ready.
Tell her while you're treating her to Pizza Hut
it depends on what kind of man he is.
Well , if my ex gives child support , I'll gladly take it, it the ex's responsibility too.
nathing kan stap true love .
Nobody, if you have to ask.
And there are girls looking for guys out there!
when I reading my first email .........
Don't get him to, just ask him yourself.
I don't know but I sure I would be happy to have a Dear Abbey .
so just b confident and right after you forget about this problem , you'll find someone amazing!
Second , the guy that will not kiss you does not love you or he is scared
I only have 1.Coz nobody wants to be friends with me...=(
but you need to keep in mind that it is not your fault.
so just b confident and right after you forget about this problem , you'll find someone amazing!
Second , the guy that will not kiss you does not love you or he is scared
I only have 1.Coz nobody wants to be friends with me...=(
Yes u can talk to me virgindam@yahoo.com
well his kind of a jerk if he doing that to you
Refrain by stairing at her boobs... Ha just a little joke there.
But it's good to reward dad right away with some type of love . 8^)
thats kinda how I am now , so I think I should know.
but on the other hand , the things some women's deal with can send them to Nutville
not with me because with you will the time of your life.
if you want a boyfriend , go and get one or let them come .
See with your eyes and feel with your heart . Then you want to find the answer!
it's like anything that really breaks.
A guy that can provide protection and is cute...perfect!!!
It doesn't work that way; just like guys, girls are attracted to different things.
they will be deleted once you close them.
move on, That happened to me before, twice, and we are still the best of friends.
Thank you & always remain yourself !!
tell them all to get a life, and find some good friends who have better values.
don't go looking for trouble . Ok love the one you're with
What ARE YOU LOOKING FOR IN A GUY!!
he thinks I'll cheet on him , but he wo come out and tell me.
If he says no, then wait.
Drop me a photo of yours!
this is a legal fact and very eye - opening!
And don't worry about what your friends think.
trust me it isnt better, you need help Raisin a kid.
i mean, you can do it if you only have one, but it is still hard.
I'm a guy, and I like thick girls.
If you like him so much , then tell him!
Don't seem too sad to don't seem too eager.
when men lose drive?
your doc can revers that operation easily
Pre-love sex is bad, if you don't love/trust/care, you should NOT have sex.
it wont be easy , but you can do it!
How you think and what do you want?
then how will you look at your wife in the eye?
Its especially cool when you take off
Sweetie, don't count on your looks to get you a bf.
he cheated all that time , but I love him and have gave him a dercison me with her.
you said she's rebel, what makes you say that?
Don't get me wrong.. it's all awesome.
buy manolio's used and broken electronics!
not Yours He loves me, not you.
In other words, HE'S NOT WORTH IT!!!!!!!!
it`s the same thing . It`s different only if the hot looking girl is more experienced or vice-versa
you could always try a pen friend if you want to go through old channles.
Its when you steal tears & still care for Her.
If she can't stand not seeing you, then it would probably work
And theyd know it'd be a harder relationship than one with a guy who's NOT in a wheelchair!
no It is the same . It is all about you .
Its when you steal tears & still care for Her.
If she can't stand not seeing you, then it would probably work
no It is the same . It is all about you .
What man wouldn't love to hear that?
It It is just sooo intense . When you kiss , I mean really kiss .
If he can't trust you , then it won't last.
It LEARN HOW TO SPELL ....would be a good start
oh This is an essay question.
Hello .. Maybe it is just me !
please do tell me if I an adult.
yes you are... ask for forgiveness
i have a wife and a girlfriend .
which one is the husband part.
or even considering it, Why would you not try getting help first?
he wants nothing more from you than your body.
dump him, dump him in the trash 'cause he is an old fat sumbag!
She thought it was so funny, that when I asked her out, she said yes.
do you like this, tall women with big eyes or what tell me in detail
or even considering it, Why would you not try getting help first?
he wants nothing more from you than your body.
do you like this, tall women with big eyes or what tell me in detail
Why do you get a girlfriend in the mean time to keep you busy?
its a secret I at least what the last person said.
......he says......that he wants to hang with you?
i hope I able to answer your question and give you the answers you were looking for.
There not your friends if they don't except you because of that!
What if you knew your lover would not die, but instead would betray you?
the man on his back with the woman on top facing away.
well if you love him , . just follow your heart.it will tell you what is best.
remember only you know what is best for you.
Do what makes you happy, If he loves you , it wo matter.
you'd be ruining months of planning.
taking your own decision......... do ask for help from others on this matters
DON'TS: You may not use Yahoo!
because that's the kind of thing in many porno movies.
I You I could be Bill Clinton for all I know .
a normal kiss on the cheek
He tells me hE misses me all the time!
guys always say that they want sex with no strings attached.
there are certain guys who don't even look for looks, all they look for is personality.
It Both It is good to have I choose love
He tells me hE misses me all the time!
guys always say that they want sex with no strings attached.
there are certain guys who don't even look for looks, all they look for is personality.
We are nuts because men drive us crazy!
he vowed to support his wife and love her... guilt and conscience.....
I think ya both have some sexual confusion issues...
i bet she ate tuna to lose weight 4 .
formal weddings just never appealed to me at all what the hubub
...I had to walk to the other side of the house to get my wallet...HEADS!
you are never too young enough to get married.
OK, 'll let you in, we do care about $$ or your car horsepower!
no there are more fish in the sea . forget him and move on . Okay be strong .
Yeah 2 very different things, In love, romance is always present , but in romance, love is not always applicable
First off to see if your boyfriend would be up for a 3-some.
thats very interesting...... the better you feel about the person- the better the sex feels.
you should tell him you like him if you are hot.
love that is the best thing girls are looking for , like me .
honestly I have a hard time having emotions let alone opening up.
My husband told me he loved me only after knowing ea.
i had a friend for 25 years and last year I had sex with his wife.
especially if you really like him and know he's shy.
you can surely get the number , but when you call, apologize for intruding into her privacy...!!!
the number between 68 and 70. Just kidding .
If you feel bad about this then I do think you are a bad person :)
Men are a dime a dozen!
be yourself and ask a lot of questions....pay attention...
using rubber and prepare to get your anal analized.
nanny cam, or the show cheaters or private detectives.
Not sure, but I'm glad you're not a hoe,whore or a slut... Where are you from?
let him like making love to him , Then he will always be good to you men like sex.
And...listen to what your heart is telling you.
Hey I'm 19 , going to 20 and I'm getting married this summer also.
it hard to let go, but sometimes guys just act like children
If she penetrates you, then you're just kinky.
yea right . That a long time.
walkin up to a girl in person is much more real.
its OK to think about them, its called memories.
If she penetrates you, then you're just kinky.
R you the shy kind of girl?
yea right . That a long time.
walkin up to a girl in person is much more real.
its OK to think about them, its called memories.
well first thing is probably not to try too hard.
teddy Gary, I do appreciate that.that leads to addiction, depression, even suicide.
we are not nuts...there are times that we can seem it but most of us are perfectly sane .
wanted know is he the right one!
I am a little shy but I do open up after a while.
Lots of good food, free booze.
Most of them are losers now.
usually they want my phone , but I never just give that away
Dude, You are 13 , don't get a boyfriend yet . Wait till you are 16 , like me .
you have to read her body language when you get close to her
But I jumped on that ass so many times it was just stupid.
9 times out of 10 !
of course it is possible... but that is not the case all the time.
tell them to get a breath mint
there are so many ways to please a man .
Unless he's 16, or 15, who cares?
It Doesn't matter who did what to whom .
I do have nuthin against you , so I ca say nething boutz .
You cannot find love, it has to find you!!
it can be just hanging out and doing something.
Listen to her, see what SHE wants and needs.
I have about 10 that are my real friends .
i would like to stay longer but it comes quickly .
?any guys out there who can help?
This is going to sound really strange , but I need to ask.
When I see girls wearing that kind of clothing, I say to myself, what an arrogant b*tch.
Developing, Oh that would be great.
This one girl keeps flirting with my boyfriend and I want her to stop.
If the children involved are yours, you don't !
stop asking people if I am a siciatist talk to me at maxxruby@yahoo.com
honey it 's called std's and aids you can still get them from anal sex.
but it shouldn't be just because it's that day.
you do tell her that is the reason.
The first time I ever saw my wife, was in high school.
If you're REALLY in love , you'll know!!!
honey it 's called std's and aids you can still get them from anal sex.
but it shouldn't be just because it's that day.
you do tell her that is the reason.
If those girls want to accept you because of that, then you don't want to be with them anyway
just tell me this Q . I can tell after your reply
BUT I've BEEN ON THE BEACHES OF St.peat Fla.
if it did then move on.
thinking about the guy you love and whether you love him enough 2 get married.
You saying this: (Name), I don't think it's right for me to lead you on.
Can tell when you will feel the real essence of love.
Three things: Me, Myself and I....
or hey , don't get that whip cream on your clothes . I do laundry!
most likely... just say hi and like start being friends with him
Don't just be nice, be interesting, charming and fun to be with too.
lmao I like your answer, too true!!
Why are you so far behind?
do stress urself by being obsested to finding a girl!
Take it from me, My friend once told me 'Gosh!
...anyway, I had classes with him , so I had to see him whether I liked it or not.
Guys do not normally like being horny in public.
Oh...what an easy question...beacuse women are SEXY.
a guy would have to be a moron to not go to second base just because of his boob size.
me 'm me . My name is here is my yahoo name .
We guys are dogs, most of the time... is he gay?
a guy would have to be a moron to not go to second base just because of his boob size.
me 'm me . My name is here is my yahoo name .
We guys are dogs, most of the time... is he gay?
Yes that is good for a couple to make them hot & also to know new sexual positions
Just be real and don't try and pretend you're something you're not.
but It will be hard if you are shy.
rhytmic gymnastics to make girls un virgin?
When I went to visit my gf at her place......magic happened
if he haven't forgotten the past by now,,he never will.
if she says no, DON'T PUSH IT!
If your under 18 I say look in the mall for chicks.
well theres no blood relationship , so no its n't like he is your blood brother .
the link below give you a lot of information...
But to answer your question, NO it is not bad.
Don't let insults get to you . Instead, Gai sum up your self-confidence and be HAPPY!!!!
talk 2 him and slap the next girl who starts to flirt!
its hard to do it by urself.
And, it's not only bi girls who do it.
For a little bit of fun!
He'll go like: You get your biatch arse back in the kitchen and make me some pie!
im in the same problem and I have no idea of what 2 do or 2 tell them.
FIND SOMEONE THAT CARES ABOUT YOU.
you do need to have a lot of friends to be happy.
well ask and if uur cuzin gets mad say u got ntheir first
after you figure that question out . Please let me know
boys are as crazy over girls as girls are over them .
but if you like him/her, as in love like, then...
Anything that will destress and give her a break!
don't look for an excuse to get out of the house.
especially when you leave your heart (you) behind.
(smile...) Anyway, you do a decent job as an Abbey.
Everybody is right . You are young . You will learn in no time
I know from experience , that a cheater is always a cheater!!!
they have lots of meet and greets.
he may just be thinking it over and could think of no other way to tell you.
since I am a country girl.i am from South Carolina.
How well do you know him?
but do be a fool, wrap your tool.
If you don't like him , you don't like him.
find a lover, worked for me.
she split up with her ex bf over a year ago.
Make sure it's something you like too, so you don't seem desperate.
OR IS YOU CLOCK TICKING AND YOU JUST WANT TO HAVE A BABY WITH/WITHOUT A DAD.
Which one means more 2 you
you, with something from Victoria's secret.
absolutely.. Boobs arent the only factor with hooking up, just an added bonus if you have them ;)
you should definitely ask him out!!
Or maybe she has plan for that date to make it more exciting!
just say I don't think it's going to work out.
Date someone hot, take pics of her.
Don't worry . At least you gave it a try.
And I'm proud of who and what I am.
Ohhh hell yea I do it all the time
If you do not have a child, then a child.
ANYONE WITHOUT A JOB OR ONLY WORKING PART TIME, DOING DRUGS, AND PEOPLE WITH DEPRESSION PROBLEMS.
when my fiancee told me she'd marry me.
don't forget the attitude , then maybe shell get the point,
I don't think they realize how ridiculous they look.
Don't LET anybody TAKE ADVANTAGE OF YOU.
i hate this job . He loves me,why he want those othres come to our private ??
start doing nice things for other people.
HEY BE WITH WHO you WANT TO BE , and LISTEN to your PARENTS
Jus call her baby u can't go wrong or sweetie those always work
But you might wait and see while you persuing other playmates.
it was still special to me even though it only cost $20.00.
do it till it's raw and itchy
buy her Chocolate . Women love chocolate .
you should not be doing this . This is truly wrong!
16 isn't too young to think about sex.
Did Did you ever tell him that you love him?
Keep in mind though, that 77 is always better than 69.
Yes it happens all the time
But you better figure it out soon!
Well, I personally want to date younger guys.
Sence it's so little, they get tired of waiting.
no offense but tell them about. It
.don't know but I am going for the points!
if they say that they're parents made them , then they will probably not lie about it....
secondly, your friend DEFINITELY doesn't hate you
you shouldnt ever choose boys over a friend.
the Girls in my school will accept me as equal because I 'm a virgin.
hey, you shouldn't be so hard on yourself.
the kind where you learn to dance for your man , maybe even using a strip pole.
Why would he break up with you on Valentines day?
you shouldnt ever choose boys over a friend.
the Girls in my school will accept me as equal because I 'm a virgin.
hey, you shouldn't be so hard on yourself.
the kind where you learn to dance for your man , maybe even using a strip pole.
Why would he break up with you on Valentines day?
Then, If he still looks clueless, kiss him.
some of us learn to appreciate a really nice guy!
um...mcdonalds and then a walk I guess.
but me, I do really see a point in what I just wrote :P I'm just a kid :)
i think Vixxenkitty hit it right on the mark by doing the math.
can I change his thinking style habits
I ACTUALLY THOUGHT OF SOMEONE IN Fla.
Life is so beautiful; just look around you.
DUDE LOOKS AT ME AT LEAST ONCE A DAY.
Looks fade........but kind actions and words last forever!!!!
So yeah I guess it is possible.
well I am the cutest !
if he wants to talk it out , tell him.
get over him and you deserve better.
but 4 realb what if you did that sh** then what.
i think it 's just because it makes them feel good about themselves.
I 'm sure someone would be willing 2
Don't tell her,but don't go after her boyfriend either.
Is or Is sex the main ingredient?
However, people can change....but, like I said, I believe the chances are slim... Good luck!
my friend I know its hard 4 u!
Look for condoms...wrappers, boxes, coupons, etc.
Why did you turn her down?
thinking about what you will tell your kid . Did I ever tell you how I met your mother?
And if you're not the one dying, then get busy livin'!
and by then you wo have to worry about that because he loves you any way.
no There will be no problem if your love is true.
I have one and things are going great . We have trust and we talk every chance I get.
she might not brush her teeth
What about- you're a real friend!
I hope you know what you are doing... because it could get real ugly real fast.
When a woman loves a man , she'll do everything in her power to make that man happy!
Some guys are just flirty and friendly, though, and act like that toward all or most girls.
Everyone knows only guys do that kind of thing, right?
Sometimes their whole body shakes , some their toes tighten up or goose bumps.
Go to them and say hey!
If you are really finished with this guy , you be REALLY finished.
What if he had followed us home or something?
the same thing happened to me . I dumped him because he cheated on me!
i had to reassure him that no matter what , I wouldn't return to my ex.
a lot of girls are experiencing it because it is sexy!!
you should just say I can't do my homeboy like that , but I had a good time with you
No, don't throw it all away , just because your friends think your weird
Until he calls.... actually- do wait at all.
Not to mention your strong right hand ;)
because men hired investigators if they suspected .
(my kids are 14 months apart!)
immediately When she got to Iran, everyone there despised her until she covered up!
it's gonna come back to haunt you one day.
Why is he trying to punish your sister for your father?.
she can give you away too , you know.
Women love to be flirted with.
it hasn't come out yet , but you should start looking
Don't just sit around and think of him , it'll just make it tougher.
I couldn't ask for anything more.
looks like you got the answer to your question.
Is your gut telling you HE IS A BIG CHEATER!!!!??
Obviously he is not ... move on and find the REAL love of your life.
2) When he comes home .
Uh, guys have 6-packs with the washboard abs
If it really is LOVE and not LUST , then you will feel it deep within you!
What kind of stupid question it is that
the person closest 2 that you believe is special enough to do it for your father.
She doesn't want it to get into the wrong hands.
Why didn't you think about this before getting married.
YOu know, a lock... what could you do without a lock.
i really really agree with Mona!
but they can also keep their original name :)
i mean, they do see me as their daughter.
Ask her to eat garlic, bet she won't smell like catfood.
Please take what I said and use it.
DEEP DOWN , THEY REALIZE THINGS WE do ALWAYS LOOK AT.
HE TOLD YOUR MOTHER HE WANTS TO BE WITH YOU???
no if you get 2 atracted(not sayin u will!)
Its not just girls that feel that way about guys.
trust me, looks change, go for personality
be yourself and joke, smile, laugh.
maybe That's why he hasn't said it.
Fight for it if you want it.
you shouldn't put yourself in situations like that.
Yet still go home to her.
Just hang out in the mall, and just talk to someone.
3. Hey, a bunch of us are going out to see a movie/dinner/etc.
It won't work for some though.
Then a little later , bring some convo.
AGO .HOW DO I GO ABOUT GETTING THAT REVERSED SO WE CAN HAVE A CHILD?
honestly to me , it depends on what angle I see her at?
I want her to understand & realize that I want to help and love her.
Do No woman wants an aggressive man , let her warm up to you.
Yea, I really hate when guys say they have a gf but they don't!
r u like sexist or something, cuz I don't think guys are stupid or freaks!
just want to know if there's a way to get him to ease up a bit!
place on the table with a hersey kiss .
talk it over with your mom or another close family member
Don't you know that on a first date you need to impress the girl not scare her off.
and always plan a lot of things when you finally see each other.
when you lick a girls pussy while they suck your penis
soap AND water at the SAME time!
Someone wrote no one likes to eat alone... Having sex alone is even worse...
BUT IF YOU LIKE HIM THAN YOU LIKE HIM!!!
Make it seem like a casual fun date.
the one where the hot guy kisses me.
or is it a sign of desperation on my part?
would love to compete and to hang out with cute guys !
My favorite dreams are the ones that I realize are dreams and I take control of them
r you involved with such a person?
you have just know what to do with the size you may have.
Girls have to think LONG TERM.
But you have to take your time, you are young and you have too much time.
Angelina Joilie Her lips are incredible .
I have a friend who always thought that the guy should be the one to call.
now the difference is it is coming out in public, reviously it was just in a closed circle.
I am looking for a hot girl pictures real one not from any website there ??
There There There is no way of going back.
I hope the world caves in you, if you keep it up...you'll deserve it!
But I really like him.. Should I ask?
If that doesn't work, move on.
How about having him over for dinner ?
He just know what the heck he wants in his life.
I'm a female and I won't even let a guy walk behind me.
You'll find out she's not as great as she seems.
if you love him , then you should feel devastated, but I guess not because he asking this..
Maybe it's that don't care about attitude or maybe they just stand out.
and if he wants it, he'll meet you halfway.
Make it casual , like asking him for the time or commenting on how nice his shirt looks.
3rd choice - your best male friend.
maybe your not his girl yet or something!
Why you have it to measure .thats why you are asking others.
days It doesnt really matter.
no matter how hot you physically look .
I know that is not the answer you'd expect from a guy , but hey , life is confusing
I really don't believe in generalization.
Most of them do have photos at all.
On one hand . Your boys want to hang out, play bocce, and watch the Braves.
I don't think so, unless you are a guy.
What ever you do, don't fall for that whole If I put out then he will like me .
Maybe you should try asking what to do so that he wo break up with you!
like a cd of his fav band.
Is it really my fault that I get urges and there are guys all around me?
COME ON Girl YOUR NOT A LOSER.
you probably shouldn't ask her to eat with you at lunch.
no sense of fighting over a guy unless you love him deeply.
I know how hard it is!
AND I DANCED WITH HIM ONCE (KINDA) AT A PARTY.
I'm not a fat single momma either!
Apparently girls like guys with skills...
usually after your dr. says so... after your six week visit
I can't speak for all women, but I myself think a lot like the ladies in the movie!
maybe wait until you are both in your twenties, so maybe when he's 22 or so?
I hereby present you with my DUMB QUESTION OF THE DAY AWARD
he probably watched too much porn.
then you will see how lame he really is!
i do do what to do . I am so torn . Please help
i Do I think that is too kinky for me .
and yes , the important thing is your career , which should be given priority.
you You have to just go out with me.
when he stops, runs like hell and then hide.
just do what your heart tells you to do.
i think it would be lonely, especially when you want to cuddle.
My ex was so stupid, he answered without thinking!
If he isn't good enough for her, don't kid yourself, he isn't good enough for you.
spend a day or weekend taking care of just her.
best advicetell him you're taking a break.
it also depends on how long they are there.
but ... you will have to find the best way to get an Invite from Him !!!!!!
so so horrible not to accept my opinion!
he n't like you and do want to hurt your feelings
In course when guys get horny when they see us ;)
Don't try to be one of them . You have xxx when you are ready
Give your head a shake, girl!
but then, keep the mace handy.
i cant say it is too young but you do want to just give yourself out.
Brother, uncle, grandfather, good male friend...
But trust me , it probably won't happen that often.
she'll move away a bit when you're too close for too long.
we talking about ideals here... OK?
no matter what you decide to do, good luck p.s.
!in which is not a good time to ask me any important Q'S 'cause I ca talk!!
Get help before you screw this all the way up.
any way , try not to remember it!
anywhere from 9 to 75,
doesn't matter as long as they dig me . Then I'm down .
i just think that maybe a country boy for me might be easier.
you're either pregnant or your not pregnant.
Well..It sounds like the same thing I 'm going thru.
See what I did there, I made a joke.
i really do think theres any thing wrong with liking girls ' feet but you are just plain freekin weird .
I dunno...i think it's probably because they're...scared or feel awkward around guys in wheelchairs.
i haven't but I'm not anti-sex
I'll tell you what...your wife married you because she loved you.
well my guy did.. =/ Third of all, you should try waiting things out.
If you like him , then you shouldn't try to convince yourself that you don't.
and find the right one , just try to force it!
Some women say it helped them a lot
put my words to the test.
his friends might just be messin with you.
i do know theres something so fake and lame about it.
it with a picture of your girlfriend?
You do have friends., you just don't know it.
cruel to the guy you were in bed with.
IT'S REALLY GREAT TO TALK ABOUT COMMITMENT ON THE NET-IT'S LIKE VIRTUAL DATING.
If you are TYPE N OPEN WITH your IDEAS , ALL KINDs OF WOMEN WOULD LIKE TO TALK TO you
I also know a lot of guys who cheated.
im in the same position , get creative whacking off
Just because you filed doesn't mean you don't care.
if they are going to be in there for a few years then I would say no.
The The PLESSURE FEELS GOOD , BUT IT was WORTH THE WAIT.
Hey John, don't worry about getting us a wedding gift.
I Well 'm pretty country and I suppose I like country boys , but sometimes I fall for those thugs .
I always show him that I am strong but it hurts so badly inside.
youre in bed with this guy, and youre on a totally different subject.
typical guy answer: you stop being so insecure about yourself, that's how.
Also maybe he has a problem with just that one friend and maybe he really doesnt like her.
If your really interested, Why wait?
well he does talk to me as much more and I do n't know any more . help me .
But hey, at least if they do not then you can get rid of them ;).
How much did it hurt you?
i love to torture guys lolz
Even if sex is concentual (i think I spelled that right) then it still rape.
If you go to places that have like NORMAL PEOPLES...OF COURSE YES
But hey, at least if they do not then you can get rid of them ;).
How much did it hurt you?
i love to torture guys lolz
Even if sex is concentual (i think I spelled that right) then it still rape.
If you go to places that have like NORMAL PEOPLES...OF COURSE YES
Ughh, it's so annoying and stressful
You should really think about what you are doing!
A lot of guys like quiet girls-- more so as they get older.
with the love of my life!
so I would pick the geeks, hell, I have always picked the geeks.
And you say you always get it?
($10) one time we just went for a walk along the beach (FREE)
If it is just like DON'T!!
enjoy your youth, you don't need to rush your life.
Will he think I did not care at all?
I I I think the city is OK .
Maybe you should just keep being friends.
just be yourself and try to be somebody.
Hope Next time you'll find your mom Right...
How old are you by the way?
you to learn how to spell impress
if you really want true answers.
Even after that, don't bring it up yourself.
Does do do any idea why he goes so far like that?
At least he does not want you for one thing.
Fate didn't drop this guy into your life.
Say, Listen, I do not mean any disrespect, but you kind of smell.
But no thanks 2 many sharks!
walking with her down the hall to her locker is a good idea.
use different oils, hot wax, maybe some icy hot( not in sensitive areas!)
if you really like her , just go for it.
The Many brides will say I don't want a big wedding.
They tend to not want to be with one girl for too long.
it matters how he is in general.
ONLY IF YOU REALLY LOVE HIM......PLUS WHAT THEY do SEE wo HURT THEM...........THATS ONLY IF IT GETS THAT BAD
Why in Malaysia we do not recommend married under the recommended age.
those girls should f**k off, they are a bunch of sluts with nothing else to do.
My guy friend who really likes me is going to be at my place in less than 20 minutes
Please do let a bunch of girls influence you just so that you are accepted: Good Luck: Blueladybug
so you are like a girl on the side?
cook and clean - but there is more to it than that .
was it with the right person?
I'm glad you asked that question, I have the same problem .
i hope we don't get hurt, and caught.well good luck and be careful , just like I have too.
This depends on your relationship from to now (old friends, new friends, classmates, etc.
I think its really important for a guy to ask this.
then you see if she's really a nice person or just hot.
Hey Tracy I don't think you're too young.
Sorry babe, but guys are mean
Meanwhile, he goes back to his Wife - who shares his house, money, etc.
And I can't see myself with anybody else.
no, love does not have eyes.
apparently However , not THAT stupid, it just seems that way because our intelligence surpasses theirs so much...
like sisters....if I burned 400 calories in 10 minutes, I'd fall asleep too.
The World is Round & the Net is HOT!
i also don't have any girlfriend.isssss think we can be friends.
it whenever you feel like it.
ppl who meet but just grownup..strickly..butssss Sometimes it leads to a serious mess.so . . be careful .
But do do it just because the sex is good.
yucky diseases that EAT YOUR ASS OUT!!
Why would you even think he is going to?
so, you can't be just kind smart.
give her something really nice for her birthday/special day.
i to say something to someone
Men need time alone or hanging out with their buddies.
Why would you even think he is going to?
so, you can't be just kind smart.
give her something really nice for her birthday/special day.
i to say something to someone
Men need time alone or hanging out with their buddies.
Boys come & go but friends are forever....(or should be!)
which came first the egg or the hen?
Are you that much of a glutton for punishment?
Good luck in finding the right guy!
all other mentally disturbed people r in assylums baby...!
Washing will help a lot & you two can work out some other things that assist. you You
well to me about 21 or 22 .
How can you decipher when you would be in love or just infatuated with some one.
You have to advertise, so folks know you are out there!
So be happy with that :)
My boyfriend 's blue eyes and he smells very very good .
Get a job, and make it a career.
If someone you date has an onion smell.... help!
Why do you ask your Gal friend
And have your kids go to Alateen.
i do even need to read any other answers.
Should I give him a chance?
Good luck girl, 'cause this stuff is tough to deal with.
Some men learn differently later in life, but many do not.
if you were his girlfriend and a girl tried to break you guys up, would you want that to happening?
PUT A BAG OVER YOUR FACE .
but if it were the stuff in dreams, he wouldn't cheat!
What would we have done then?
I bet you say that to all the boys.
good question, never thought of that...
It does mean that he doesnt love you, they just need their space like we do.
yo boo, it is a hell of fish in the sea.
I do I would crush her . I 'm sure you can find another reason.
THEY WOULD PROBABLY talk ABOUT SOMETHING LIKE MATH.
you just have to take it day by day.
if you have to ask , then you are......
but what matters is the guys ' attitude & performance during the deed..lol
Ok this is yahoo 's answer for not finding a partner.
My friend made out with my cousin's boyfriend Should I tell my cousin?
you simply ca I find that out for myself .
I Say I I'm sorry people make mistakes . I did that once
hay me and thanks for answering my q
there are always other guys out there!!
oh dear it is just a matter of testicles, they produce it 24/7 nonstop :p
THERE ARE SOME GOOD MEN LEFT IN THIS WORLD.
this one, but I will answer it any way....
the Mcdonalds, Burger King, Whataburger,sssss Wendy's, Checker's, The movies
well I never saw in your question you say you were cheatting on your wife .
with the lawsuits... make sure if she is the type you don't give her anyreason to sue.
Yes , there is that word that women throw at men all the time.
the One catch is that you have to get up and do something!!
it is okay to talk .
to much make - up looks bad.
you will know if you ca go without talking or seeing or hanging bout her for a second
Just do what you think is best.
she is gonna do what she wants no matter what you say unless you threaten her.
you sound like you like him a lot.
im single, but I'm a girl Sry lol
But, that does not mean he is in love, or loves you.
Hope you get it worked out.
explain to her that you were out of your world when that happened.
abusive does not just mean hitting, it also means verbally, emotionaly, or/and psychological (spelling is bad, sorry).
Enjoy school while you in there.
sorry but there aren't lot of girls with their photos.
I also work with her every day & she reminds me of it each day...
don't ignore her and just pass by.
good luck and do not do this.
you gonna have to play cat and mouse in this situation.
i had one deleted for adult content . I said SE*...like six
IF I FEEL SOMETHING SPECIAL FOR HER, I will
if your thinking of other women , then who is thinking of your wife?
If your marriage is so bad that you are cheating.
I think he was thought mainly because most girls suck at picking guys.
And then there me which I'm not racist, but I just like black or dark skinned guys better.
How could you cheat on your wife and then How could you ruin your girlfriend 's life
email me if you can Christine_chicago@yahoo.com
He always says: Life is long..... and I see it the completely opposite way.
i wish I had a swing like that in MY backyard...
I don't know if I have to meet you first!
you dudes on here might want to rethink your answers and questions!!
But I consider myself the most mature of my friends who are 21 also.
Do people have to be married to have sex?
GIVE HER A CHANCE TO EXPLAIN IF SHE DOES.
sex after marriage is an old idea ???
But I consider myself the most mature of my friends who are 21 also.
Do people have to be married to have sex?
GIVE HER A CHANCE TO EXPLAIN IF SHE DOES.
sex after marriage is an old idea ???
is is is With romance , sometimes love, but with love there should always be a great romance
I am in general doing pretty well, it is just I feel weird about telling people.
Your best bet is to ask him what 's up!
as close as she feels comfortable with. It
Don't come out and say I'm in love w/ u and I'm dying to jump on you
Just know you're really in love!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I just want to know is it okay to date younger guys?
There's a big age difference, uhm... very big.
But there might be someone there that you might not know about.
Like you said your ex-gf married a 65 year old for MONEY.
walk her to her lock or something.
1. It's hard to find true friends these days.
guys like a girl who makes the first move.
NO GEEKS WOULD really BORE ME.
just tell yourself, I know he loves me and I know I love him.
If you ask him out & he says no, don't let it bother you.
Thats all you need to do!
What is she using the money for...her own self!
and is there any way to change their minds?
You want to call him or her?
i been in a relationship for years .
Guys...u know when your girl is on her period and she really doesn't wanna do anything, right?
wow sister you are in a tough spot!
Maybe and miss those who want to be my friends should get together.
iam male 23 .Pl help me !!
The both of you would probably be better off if you forgot about him!
hey What's wrong with being thick?
too long and you can get hurt with that thing, too short and you can't feel anything.
Or' you can beat him with a frying pan to teach him not to fu** with you again:)
...because, for a lot of them, it is very trendy and en vogue right now....ask any psychologist!
leave him now or, find out the hard way.
she says she doesn't like him, but I know for sure that she does.
not physically , but mentally .... yup!
Cheating your Wife.. and ruining your girlfriend 's life as well.
well What address did it come from?
pretty much whenever you really like someone, 12 or above
a vacation for just the two of you.
the majority of woman beaters won't fight a man.
do worry tho the right guy will come along and like you for , not your looks.
fourth of all, it may be best to go after another guy.
that all depends on the girl who's getting the ring.
don't call him, wait for his call.
I sometimes think of kissing a girl , but I think I just can't do it in real life.
People are just different, especially men and women.
BUT....skip all of that if you don't know what I mean.
God make them that way , so us men would have something to post on yahoo answers
An example: my friend had a big argument with someone my BF knows...well over 3 years ago!
I also wonder about the same thing sis!
Then do so, even if you only drive around the block!
it is something that just wrong.
it might turn out to be the best relationship you had.
Does this mean what I think it means?
BUT CALL HIM USING YOUR CALLING CARD.
You go girl and forget about that jerk.
wait until somebody else tells you
Does a guy that do that really love you?
do worried if he was interested he would call.
But if she says she is going to kill herself, DON'T BELIEVE HER!!
Oh, but wait, you already gave it up to that guy....what was his name...back in high school?
Baby, Sometimes that works well
keep in mind that you two are siblings once in your life and that can never change!
BUY HIM SOMETHING FROM Victorias SECRET, THAT YOU WEAR.
being too sensitive then that is pretty messed up.
First of all, if you love someone you want them to be happy , right?
Get out while you can , girl.
still want to advise you to be cautious .
It is THE worst thing you could ever do.
It It's all about conversation, really .
keep looking He is probably a cheater.
Go hang out, hear some nice free music/poetry, get yourself a cup of joe and introduce yourself.
The sad thing is that us guys are dogs and were pretty much after some easy p*ssy.
What you do when you have a friend that a girl , but you want to make it more
First OF ALL, YOU NEED TO SERIOUSLY TALK TO YOUR HUSBAND.
march of last year, he lived in a 3 - bedroom apartment
when you ca stop thinking about this person . He/she is always on your mind
I have I have a question about him . It Chris Woody really like me.
people have fetishes and they deserve to have them fillfiled.
The The answer is not A or B . it is E and Z .
Then you have a choice to make, don't you?
I have a strange feeling that baby daddy does like to be with one lady.
because they get a lot of attention that you see and you wish you could get that attention
keep shopping till you find the pair that fit right in all aspects.
But If she doesn't then you'll know.
are 23 year old men immature?
yea wat r u waiting to go for it GIRL!!!!!
ALL ANSWERS TO LIFE'S WHY'S AND HOW'S CAN BE FOUND IN TIME.
Love and lust do not go hand in hand.
GET your BUTT OFF THE COMPUTER AND FIND ONE!!!
there will be a lot of ugly girls in their seventies with all this silicon crap lol!
i love him and want to be with him and he is supportive and cares about my children.
I need God more, though... without him...
it would kill you if you do
love is when you really care, protect, listen, get along with, and like a person.
chatting online if you are lonesome!
Also depends on you cuz 'm jealous and I do want her to say been there done that.
if you like him well do it!
I'm looking for a word I don't see there 'monogomous'.
My new boyfriend will do it for you .
If YOU LOVE HIM, YOU WILL BE ABLE TO OVERLOOK THIS AND TAKE HIM FOR WHO HE IS.
no do do it unless she is a total bitch!
I PERSONALLY ENJOY BEING COMMITTED, SINGLE IS OK BUT ONLY SO MUCH YOU CAN DO BY YOURSELF.
I FELT LIKE A LOST PUPPY ROAMING AROUND NOT KNOWING IF I WAS IN THE RIGHT SPOT.
STOP TALKING ABOUT IT AND TELL HIM!!!!!
nm I don't want to know.
if you really loved your boyfriend , you would need someone else.
Think about it and then be honest with yourself...
then do as some unwise person said, give it up when he asks you.
try and surround yourself with people who truly love you and care about you.
She /he will always be there for you no matter what.
I like it too and I thought I was the only one!
Some enjoy it a lot , but some don't.
Tell ur husband if she likes her Frankly Good luck......
ashly do go out looking for 4 tour love, it should really come 2 you .
Your way too good for him.
well I need answers from someone with experience
u can't wait for a formal invite forever ;)
i know, it's a cruel, cruel world.
You should only have sex with someone you love!
if yes , then she is a sl*t!!
they are locked in her car.
this boy , We are clos but just friends , everything alike
Oh my goodness...You truly want to wait.
YOU NEED TO KNOW YOU CAN do IT.
It even rained on my wedding day and I wouldn't change that either.
find a nice pet and some friends.
strip off all your clotes throw him on the bed and fuck him
sharing a secret and see how far it goes
You do want to spend your life asking What If
mmmm why don't you tell him you had a date and he's not invited!
act cool but not dorky cool.
Guys today like girls who are assertive.
If there is a doubt, get the heck out!!!
I Personally think you are in love.
and I knew that he was the guy that I had talked about, about 1 year ago .
My husband always keeps himself well groomed; he smells so good, NO nose hair trimmed; washed; and combed.
If both are fine with it, then it is OK to live la vida loca :)
MAIL ORDER BRIDE Then let them do the whole wedding thing
If there wasn't then , why did Christ die on the cross for us?
HE SAYS HE LOVES ME AND WANTS TO BE WITH ME , BUT HE DOESN'T ACT LIKE HE LOVES ME.
I should know, being a man and so...
Throw tradition out of the window... girls ask guys out more and more every day.
My HUSBAND HAS OCD AND HE DOES THINGS LIKE CHECK THE LOCKS,HE DOES THINGS MULTIPLE TIMES.
The next time it could mean prison time for him.....AND YOU.
Yeah from what I've heard they do .
I do prefer bigger girls and I do prefer brunettes.
I told the guy I liked, that my friend liked him, but she really doesn't!
looking at yahoo people finder or names data / google
no matter how bad you want to advance.
You're just looking for someone to tell you it was OK.
hmm nope haven't had any dreams like that before
And usually from then on, they're think about the first person that they ever had sex with.
What the hell game are you playing?
i've heard they have bigger packages than Asian men.
you probably have some good responses
Find yourself the first hot looking ho and bang her like a salvation army drum!
a guy needs to be a little taller than me , but I usually fall for short ones lol
One friend of mine, even got married.
I cannot believe that you live with him already!
What is not adultery, sex between a man and his wife.
Start hanging out and it should go pretty good from there!
Then it felt dirty and made me sick.
(this was something I did right) For every choice (dress, banquet hall, etc.)
all over . dont be afraid to talk
or is their love go deeper than that?
n't ruin something that you fought for so hard.
becoz as you said , he moved on immediately.
you can tell him I think you blew it,SEE YA
I bet with a little smile you are a dream.
or try to get him back.
And do not tell where you are moving to.LoL!!!!
I try to stick with that.
right now am living with my parents.
No She is not a friend unless you had already told her that it was okay.
stay, because if they're your soul mate , love would be all that matters.
The The The The with The Treasure your family and all you do now!~ argument is just a dust compared to the whole universe!
yes, respect her as a sister and set aside that fight for your sister to be happy,
I guess because all girls are cheaters too.
go to the Lewis store and buy him some fascinating jeans..
You could always ask him :-)
never had one yet(well kinda wen I was 11 but not really)
WOMEN JUST NEED TO TELL A MAN WHAT SHE LIKES AND THE MEN ALL WANT TO KNOW, TRUST ME.
if flirting doesnt work, move on to somebody who will be interested in you.
while most women say things much nastier; like we are dating their little brother or something.
Blonde, light complxion, blue eyes, skinny B.
If you want friends here or just gaining some knowledge of the chatroom then it is intentionally good.
you don't want to get hurt if he says no.
of course , you should hang with a guy you like.
try to imagine that person stuck with you every single minute of the day until the day you die...
Let me tell you-my wife is a big lady, and not at all easy.
The Money is tight and there are children involved.
Then try to pick up the pieces afterward so sad!
and 350 is a lot to spend on less than a year.
i've heard different opinions from different people.
some just want to rush things to put a baby on you that not yours.
good personallity... n sense of lower
of course , it happens to me all the time
he does, he's just waiting 1 more year to avoid jailtime...
some just want to be alone.
you buying dinner one time and they will the next.
maybe you should try and meet someone that does go to the bar.
if you don't then that just has problems written all over it.
Why do you fart up juice?
How old you that such an immature question .
ya definiteli...this is da want to show that he enjoyed the sex that he had....
i personal think that you should lay off the asphyxiation practices...
There I have a lot of girls and boyfriends.
I don't like you try your luck to other girl...
i was kind of looking for someone to.
Most guys only tell you they love you for one reason.
i mean , it 's just people loving each other :'[
Explain exactly how you feel about your wife and how important sex is to you
remember this,once you cheat, you are more likely to do it again
the features I look for in a guy are: sincerity, honesty, compassionand comprehension.
I want to run to a friend and tell her about this great guy I've met.
me:Well that's a dumb question to ask, No why would you want to anyway?
it depends what kind of love you are talking about?
sex is bad - don't have sex!
Is was Is she related to Josh Penland?
u should first know what it is...best of luck.
After I came out , so did about 3 or 4 of my other friends, so it could be beneficial
Nah, dump him, or he'll keep on oing it...
well to bad your in chicago
you may even have to settle for mr right now
no cause it will make you weak
Don't let your head and ears get too swollen!
She may be nice , but she is way too nosy.
The answear can only be found with you.... Good Luck....
it would never work , We'd fight and I win
Listen, 'm gonna keep it real with you now
yep but it doesn't mean I reject daily requests :p
A 21 - year old guy should not have started dateing a 15 - year old Jail Bait girl.
I guess I'm in the wrong place!
NEVER GIVE OUT YOUR NUMBER, ANYONE CAN GET YOUR ADDRESS VIA YOUR PHONE NUMBER!
Think about anything but what you are doing!
She's got you on the backburner!!!!
IF HE GOOD IN BED . GO FOR IT!
But alas , I do not know where to start looking.
Dun scare she type of cup !
wait, and for sure do call him, The whole thing is a game!
keep him and just watching the football games with him.
Well The good thing is that you kids get along.
If you keep moving the boundaries - how should she know what you really mean?
he n't grin or show any emotion at all.
Not having any hair, makes her look...pre-pubescent, and that just seems wrong.
Guys today are wimps and wishy washy.
NOW , This IS JUST AN EXAMPLE . It HAPPENS LIKE THAT WITH EVERYONE I KNOW.WHY?
For a girl, until her late twenties.
He He He says that I 'm the right girl but he is too young.
if she leaves, it means she doesn't want to go out with you.
... because their partners don't know what to do to please the girls
Actually I believe most women don't come
WELL GUYZ LOOK 4 BREAST AND BUTT IT TRU SORRY IF I OFFENDIDE .
going up to him and comparing with him your feelings.
on basis of which I can tell you u r doin bad or bad
you won't be able to get over it,u ca only forigive him;If you want to.
If you are just trying to hurt them, no.
you could always go show the bachelorette!
and know whether s/he is really what you thought s/he is.
I know I don't want to tell my mate everything I did in my past.
been done that separate now .
:) Anyways, you ask what Love is Blind really means.
if they are afraid to let you know...they are too insecure for you to deal with.
nothing is wrong with dating someone that is chubby
And short phone calls just to say I love you!
If he doesn't like you, it would not be very much fun.
If you're a kid, romance should not be an issue...
did something bad happen on the trip?
Try out her idea of a little relationship & make it grow
put urself first just this once and maybe u and I will know what 2 do... Good luck
Guys have you ever considered that as an option??
IF YOU ARE OUT OF LOVE , THEN IT IS GOING TO TAKE A LOT TO BRING SOMEONE BACK...GOOD LUCK
All you do is stereotype about guys, trying to make girls look like ANGELS, Fyi, girls cheat too.
I could not have said it any better!!!
If no matter what the sex , someone says , they would rather shack up and it is better than being married
Should I leave her and look for someone better??
Chasey Lane... and do you really need a reason??
plain and simple , a true friend wouldnt do that .
and lick places you might not think he'll like(but he will)!
Probably not I do think I do.
I feel like I'm ready for love.
I guess that I am still old fashioned that way.
and also rent meet the parents . Its just funny!
Be a big girl and do likewise.
The The best bet is to make a date
certain can lay dormat for up to 7 yrs.
I see him at a bar I go to.
introspect urself when you were his GF...did you burden him?
He and his son do no wrong.
I always feel so bad and I do apologize , but I know the sting is still there.
Quit obsessing about it for starters.
My boyfriend is 5 years older than me!
MARRIAGE IS ABOUT FINDING YOUR PATH AND UNITING IT WITH ANOTHER TO MAKE ONE.
well love makes you do crazy things...
And there are so many flowers to choose from!
Your guy will surely be hurt if he finds out that you've been going out with this extra guy.
If your friend is gay, you don't have a chance.
And No, he won't notice you.
barbie.com but first ask dad or mom!
you marrying your husband because you loveed him.
If he gets a girlfriend , She always gets mad cause she thinks we're too close.
NO MA'AM ON YOUR OWN WITH THIS ONE
where does the average jane work?
you also know that lying with the same sex is a sin.
then you must use your talent.
for others, it's like climbing Mt.
Yes well what my friend said lol
He sounds like he would be a lucky guy to have you!
only guys that have the courage..if you do make a move first, someone else might!!
because its natural and you know your body best and know what it likes!
It's ok to miss your love and I hope he misses you too
do get involved until I 'm absolutely sure.
Don;t be like me and my boyfriend.
do you want to deal with this for the rest of your life?
How can I find him for a divorce?
Nevada City is where I sit .
are you saying there unarractive because the guy isn't with you
just curious as to your thoughts!
What you are doing, always do your best.
It Life IS WHAT YOU MAKE IT GOOD OR BAD , AND SO IS A RELATIONSHIP . It Only TAKES TWO.
You have to be strong and tell him NO!
(BYW, I work in the ER) there are diseases that can also spread.
I wouldn't exist, and neither would music!!!!!
buying that ring , get down on your knee and ask her to marry You Do it this week .
I think tattoos express how a person sees their life...and actually some tattoos are very sexy!!
but for now she is with you.
WHEN YOU ARE IN LOVE . Believe ME , YOU WILL KNOW IT.
I met a guy on net.
But be prepared, if she just wants to be friends, she will not what to become more than that.
Frankie Beverly 101....Joy and the Pain is like sunshine and rain.
The fake The ones are obvious and obnoxious looking.
OK, girle - first, breathe !
If you really like this boy, I suggest you ask him if he likes you.
im not the smartest person , so do anyone say report cards.
Hope you have fun with the wedding and with scrapbooking!!
Once cheated, Stupid me, twice cheated, stupid you I would think long and hard if he cheated on you.
one who can keep a secret forever
and you'll get many girls with your moves.
or am I just kidding myself?
nowhere, All men are jerks one way or another.
just do what you feel makes sense and don't second guess yourself.
It's not cool to write like this, it just makes you look lazy.
I think it makes them look more gorgeous
No theres nothing wrong with pleasuring yourself
And I just can't see myself having the heart to hit her like I mean it.
(if the guy has a clue at what he is doing) they are all good for something.
searching for boobs is not that much of a big deal.
What you never had . You can never miss, man, just let it go!
I got three words for ya, Peeping Tom
No matter how much you love each other, 4 months still way too soon.
you may wind up with no one .
Then I went home and never heard from her again.
there are other fish in the sea!
He always calls eventually, so maybe I should just wait it out...?
* Everybody gets what they deserve!
Thats not on my mind all day every day
think about it for a second, isn't self love so much better, it always gives back , right?
your 14-15 and thinking about having sex?
They kept whispering, Isn't that that odd customer?
i 'm sure you will find one for you to marry.
umm...you should just tell him, and/or give hints (meaning show that you care for him).
and who knows you might find someone your age and fall in love with him.
if you love something , let him go,will come back?
he never noticed how I felt about him, so go ahead and hang out!
I think it's really cute :)!
(He'll probably piss you off every once in a while)
No its NOT OK to have a relationship with old bedmates if you are married.
Ever since I was a little girl , I've been attracted to girls.
I, for one, think about whom I am having sex with.
and don't play with her boobs all the time, makes you feel like you only want one thing.
lots of gstraight guys like butt sex.
Try asking him to do this for you....
i ca even think of that.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
you can do anything you want
if ya think he is gonna-wait!!!!
Rent one and hang out in a park all day, You will be a chick magnet!
?send me as many answers as possible
I have never heard of this before and I think it is complete ludacris
This was totally wrong with her and broke your trust.
not not really , but it depends on the chatrroom in:)
u need to be very careful.
It A small Family....Kids is too much work these days
Because boys think they are Gods ' gift to women.
I I I I I I I 'm watching a BABY...NEED SOME company...Im a kitty kat and I need a master to pet my furrrrrrrrrrrr....
Not at all, unless she does like it, or is not in the mood.
BUT Some WOMEN ARE too SCARED TO TELL THE MAN SO THEY NEVER HIT THE RIGHT SPOT.
Wear one of my t-shirts with nothing else.
He swearing it over now(mostly because I always found out)and swears he loves me.
Only if I thought it would lead to great make - up sex!
It That It would be a nice start.
medium because it 's not too big or too small
maybe you should make the first movie . Guys love it .
do Men love to have sex
GET YOURSELF PRE-PAID CALLING CARDS FROM YOUR LOCAL WALMART / TARGET STORE.
Like them for who they are.
first kiss - 9. first date - 14
if they forgive you, then they are true- blue!
I I I I I do have this problem . I 'm only in high school .
you should keep them above your head . Actually
There is a lady who I know who I love to meet but I am afraid she might laugh .
Should I say goodbye, or try and get over the fact that I hurt him so badly
Girl show him you got balls just like him, KICK HIS ASS TO THE CURB AND FIND SOMEONE BETTER!
Or buy him a nice shirt.
do a people search..sometimes it costs about 10-20, but it works
I could go on and on.
well if it your house I wouldn't put up with it.
Go to Church... before it's too late
Well, you see most guys get serious about relationships when they get 23.
What do you get the perfit guy ?
Eat it if you do, throw it away if you don't.
you will know it in your heart, You can tell a lot by looking someone in the eyes
i'm doing great, how are you?
you are at a good age,19 and 24, that is sexy.
because boys drive us crazy and they get on our nerves.
that might be a turn-off for women.
I even caught my ex at it!
well it deppends how old you are .
I would prefer that you find the perfect guy to spend the rest of your life with.
Why did you break up in the first place?
Depending if the guy is really who he says he is.
it is good to have advice on this topic 'cause I was about to ask similar q any way.
if that's not the case then I dunno.
IF HE REALLY MISSES YOU , HE WILL CALL YOU.
!it is how you use it!
and We hated keeping that secret.we both ended up getting hurt in the end.
Is it ok to have guy friends even though your man doesn't approve.
you should sit both of them down and think about it.
But if she gives up on you , she does care for you that much.
AND FROM THAT POINT ON YOU WILL KNOW what LIFE IS ALL ABOUT.
You might be ugly and not all women like other women
I say this from a personal experience , so either take it or just throw it into the ocean... ;-p
How can I tell if she still does?
or find another person to have a drunken one-night stand with?
i do,my cousin is the hotest guy on earth.
- She's in love with someone else.
But why are you asking him!
get her a ring, get down on one knee, and ask, Will you marry me?
This guy seems like a jerk.
get a NEW someone fast .
sssshhhhhh dont tell him he will think I'm weard
things happen and you were just afraid.
Books like Smart Lova CAN HELP!
Why would anyone want to get married.
Also I have this in my office P.C.
I think it really depends on the guy.
i have no problems with sensitivity.
i have the same problem with this one boy named Chris Woody.
More proof that women collectively DON'T REALLY GIVE A RAT'S @SS about men.
probably for the same reason white women crave black guys?
i have the same problem with this one boy named Chris Woody.
AS a guy , I must admit that the quiet inocent type does really stand out.
if yes, answer this, Did you tell your friend before they started dating or whatever they are doing?
More proof that women collectively DON'T REALLY GIVE A RAT'S @SS about men.
probably for the same reason white women crave black guys?
does he do nice things for you?
All guys are not cheaters, many women cheat also.
EVERYTHING THAT HAPPENS, HAPPENS FOR A REASON, Now she has someone she is happy with, and I'm very happy.
btw, have you been cheating ......
so I say, if it's hard to be you will know...and time has no bearing.
She undecided , so you choose no:)
In other words , she probably goes down on him when you are not watching
Damnit, what's wrong with you people ???
thats like my bf and me.
she'll begin to treat you like shit.
because the majority of men want or have more than one girl
if you call him , then you seem desparate, and he'll feel like a player!
but does sound obvious about it.
If he wants to call he will.
i kno ita a 50/50 between guys cheating!
converation might just dwell on the latest botique, hair salon....men wont relate.
(for example......is she holding a soccer ball, tennis racket, ATV keys, dog leashes, baby stroller, grocery cart??)
I Dunno if there is something wrong with me or what , but I need advice...Please give me your words
I have a big family and I love it!
i wonder if men realize the effects that heartbreak can leave.
But if they are truly acting a fool , then don't worry, everyone else will notice.
Well , do your crush know that you have a crush??
Maybe I'm wrong , but it seems about right to me!!
(I wouldn't put it past her) If she lied about that, then what else is she lying about?
My Ex is an a** and I am just kind of wondering why??
for under 18 years . It so bad,but for someone like you , I guess it is so good,for kissing it.
trustful always incourage me from doing good things
Alot of people have the time off!
this much <___________________________> no more, no less.
definetly not , you definitely need to look for someone up your alley of age
If he broke up with you, that sux.
Not to mention fake _ profiles.
Did you forget they are male ???
So you can hurt people you love.....
so it really depends on your feelings for her,
Someone that wants to smother them and some one that is good looking
using 2 instread of you instead of you, ur instead of you only means a couple of things.
in extreme cases (the person has a problem w/ drugs or alcohol) the silent treatment will not work.
id be careful about who you give your number 2. Id meet him before id gave it 2 .
(SORRY FOR THE CAPS , MY KEYBOARD IS NOT WORKING in the LOWER CASE)
tell her what you just typed.
I and I 'm not gay . I 'm a straight female:)
Must be something really big if you even think about not going to her wedding.
we leave for lunch, and she can't find her keys.
But guys, I want to know what you think?
well it simply to prove it .
Am I abnormal?and what do you think about him?
for the two of you to become lovers or just friends.
odds are you are just her meal ticket.
Because she likes him and has done it with him...I'm tell you she's hiding something!
i like a girl but she thinks that I'm crazy.
it doesn't matter if you love him .
I think about 3 times a week
Hi Annyian, nice to meet you.
My wife so busted me once way back when we were dating.
First, I want a woman, not a girl.
you don't have to find it.
And Of course , you have a right to do this!!!!!!!!!
alright . The first answer was obviously from a girl, and I feel your pain man.
you gotta look inside yourself and see if you really do still love him.
Then she said- I had the best time, thanks!
you don't have to find it.
you gotta look inside yourself and see if you really do still love him.
u were not in love to begin with.
you need to go uncheck that area where it asks for adult content allowed or not
Now that I know this, it is killing me inside.
THE PERSON YOU LEAST EXPECT MAY BE THE ONE.
My guy and I are still together :)
at my school , there are like 5 or 6 asians and I actually get along with all races.
Find a guy that wants you for you.
the person I was cheating with told him.
I think girls: butt and Abs Guy want abs and chest
Hire cheaters , tv show, however there is no way b/c your own insecurities come into play.
just tell them you love them . Sometimes words can mean more
none of your bees wax , so give up on meeting the ladies .
I think flirting is nature and I don't care what anyone says, everyone does it from time to time.
REMEMBER to BE NICE TO HIM .
Irritated or not, I'm getting mine!LOL
Probably not, but you know stranger things have happened.
I think it is all an excuse that they are tired.
plan for any snafus and traffic.
if I have had s*x with an employee before?
tell him how you really feel and make sure he understands where you are coming from
Love when you really need it;cause I know.
I think your man is just jealous and insecure.
It It's not like girls are gonna kill them or something.
Sick mided.......... my friend:no, and I never would.
well who hasn't done it before.
take no for an answer if she gives it to you.
Get on with your life sweetie, before it is gone.
Males are ugly, pigs everywhere you go!
Thickness.......a long pencil isn't that great!
lol Yes I think so... does that make me weird?
Just wondering if there are other men who prefer the couch?
if yes, forget your friend, but sorry, there is nothing you can do about it.
There There There are two guys that are like me.
Thats what I had to do, and I don't feel a bit bad about it!
tell her it 's time to help or leave
feed your curiosity , but be careful.
hot pink does it for me...
I can't imagine that he wouldn't be.
u just going to the right place
Some mature at 20, others just never grow up.
That girl is getting married now.
which begs the question, is it wrong when a woman gives it up on the first date?
Go ahead and move on yourself and don't dare look back.
HAVE HIM GIVE YOU HIS PHONE#!
So many men, so little time!
you know how it looks when you are with some other girl
That would be the STATE you are in....DUMB AZZ QUESTION....SMH
I didn't have a boyfriend till I was 17.
Hmm.. its kinda seems to me that she wants her cake AND eats it too.
get therpy or a lovely linda doll!
Then dress up if you feel that way!
Sex is fantastic with the one you love.
doubt it, it should be the person not the hair color.....
you must be reaaaaaaly desperate dude!!!
we learned it from our mothers
i think when a girl is too shy, it might put the guy off
If you do it a few times you wo be so nervous
*SIGH* I think he needs to come on here and make some better excuses!
you just have a different love interest.
sometimes The waiting can change you
Give yourself time to get over it.
if you are not a Nigerian and not in Nigeria then let me know your location
I hope it works for you!
show him that I do love him if I put up with it?
Be yourself , but if that doesn't work , nakedness is always an option.
IF you THINK IT IS , THEN YES
Well I'm sure you want to be in shape too , don't you?
TELL HIM WHAT YOU LIKE TO do DURING SEX.
is Well is it all dependn on some444444
so I paid the guy 40 bucks and he had it open in a few minutes.
you don't have to if you really don't want to.
You don't want to start off with I love you!
you never guarantee that, just keep loving him and be faithfull and hope he does the same too
didn't you mention you had a small johnny.
With a nice salad to start.
speaking from my own experience . stay within your own age no older than one or two years at least!!
totally normal man go for it!
i am in love with this one guy.
Good luck and I hope you find the answer to your question!
if you look for one , you won't find one . lol
Ironically Some guys get jealous when their wife or girlfriend is close to her brother.
but you need to make sure they want it and sell it to
He might just be crazy & ask him !
whether you are a virgin or not , when you feel sexy, then you are sexy.
I say, get your own place - think about the kids.
So, I guess I'm going with small.
omg that happened to me.. I dumped him 3 times, and he did n't get it.
Since you are trying to impress guys.
be frank and listdown all things that make you sad!
Well you could ask the other guy.
Like I do know how 2 kiss and 'm just wondering.
and his loss... just move on...
u think slapping your mom to have a million dollars is worthed?
ALWAYS REMEMBER TAKE THE GOOD WITH THE BAD
What it do and whats up ma'.
Look around, anyone look, smell, sound, taste anything like you?
Just the ones that are ****ed in the head do.
Really, What have you lost ?
The bathroom sink...His height and the angle......woo hoo!!!!!
because you cannot be this dumb not to know.
AND WON'T DO IT FOR LIFE.
Men like women that are self - assured
he should be committed to her or not be with her.
yes......this was my date from hell!!
trying it and you tell us
Pick up the phone and give him a call, It will make you both feel better :)
Us women are a lot like men, in the sense that we get a hard on too.
you should be looking for a manfriend.
BTW thanks for your response to my question .
to heck with that /&#92; !
i would still love you because they are the same person.
You just seem to be going after stupid men.
If you a Guy, as soon as she asks for it!
So shy, goofy guy meets Miss Saigon and, Bang!, happy ending all around.
hmm the problem seems to be you n't tell him about us.......
if someone hurts their love then it is all about loving himself more than the other.
Hey I might sound cruel, but I am not.
acting stupid, Maybe you should marry him.
it's best to use a condom no matter what.
Nope but I do have a sexy birthmark.
Do fun stuff like ice-skating or something that might not sound exactly like exercise.
Do you NOT want sex all the time?
because our parents gave us names and other parents did the same , so that is our parent'ssssss fault
that is bad news...well are you still friends?
something differently for you
Obviously you flirt back, or he still wouldn't be flirting!
one coupon for kisses and hugs...you get the picture.
Well I think that my guy cousins are cute , but I never liked any of them
But she didn't notice me like that, and I knew it.
one you have to convince them that you love them.
me - 22, her - 18... We're friends...
longer, should have left a long time back, but if you love him, stick it out & c...
so there is this girl who said she only wants to have a little relationship with me.
If not , then think of a comprimise...like Maybe not watch , but join.
its Not all you get a feeling like this...
Most of my friends are men.
they have to make the marriage work.
and Yes , I 'm still a virgin.
trust me u do miss anything from a man.
If he's interested in you, he will do some flirting back.
do you think if he really loved me , he would do that?
i also wanna know how to change that.
i can understand your feeling,ssss love is so sensitive,handle b4 it hurts us...
It sounds like puppy love to me!
give him flowers , ask him out to eat
There there , There should always be some rules.
Get a life because it doesn't...Nicky
Mmm... That sounds like it could be fun!
After reading others ' questions : Are YOU GUYS CRAZY?
If a bunch of guys are hanging around you , then you're perhaps are a pretty cool chick.
Do things to keep you busy.
IF by SECOND - GUESSING YOURSELF , THEN definitely NOT.
not hating them helps if it is a loner
The guy friend that I am looking for . I have been friends with for about 6-7 years now...
If you love him , you should trust that he will not do anything to hurt you.
ive know a few quiet and innocent girls who got the best pick keep innocent boys like that!
you get a feeling YOU'LL KNOW if he is a special person or not
You if you don't say it, either your or her if you do.
i've been there more than once!
if I spent my life with people exactly like me, I never learned anything.
no, it is not men or women being dishonest.
first don't buy a cell phone unless you have a ring on your finger.
if it hurts than you still love him
o and give him a hell about it for next year.
Death:- Years have passed, I looked down at the coffin of a girl who used to be my 'best friend'.
maybe cut back on the time you spend with him.
Most boys I know are really shy , so they don't come up to other girls often.
well , there is a difference between looking for boobs or another girlfriend.
will I ever forget him ?
Girl you are posing the same question I did not too long ago!
Finally My boyfriend came to me and I'm happy .
But if I had to pick, girls generally seem to like eyes and butts.
make him realize you are serious about being friends.
SO MOSTLY JUST LOOKING FOR GUY FRIEND TO TALK ONLINE HERE AND TO CHAT ONCE a WHILE HERE?
then that kind person should be avoided.
If seriously about being in love with her . She probably, laugh.
Since then I have vowed never to cheat on another woman.
I do think there is anything wrong with it .
he says this is what is keeping us apart.
yes for some... I love it .
the time will show you the answer to your question .
because it used to happen to me.
as cheating with uglier parteners.. that is 100% not true.
look at them.you'll get major butterflies if you love them.If you don't love them , break up
Wish you the best in life-may God bless you for ever ............
It's not that he wants to have sex with YOU, he just wants to have sex.
Yes girl , find out all you can, After all , it is your world that man is entering.
Think about what if YOU were the one with the missing legaments..etc.?
big ones or small ones doesn't matter.
They are full of nutcases, freaks and wierdos!
but it's worth it, even when it fails.
trying to drop the bomb casualy and just start talking (or writing notes in class) and just say hey!?!?!
Hi, darlin', my name is Cowboy... remember that name because you're gonna be screaming it all night...
Well, girlie, there is no good reason to cheat, so forget it!
Would it be selfish of me to tell him to get out?
he would tell me about wild partys he had attended and had wild sex.
Wouldn't you want to have sex with someone who really cares about you?
wish you the best of luck.
but if I leave , I get everything back but no lace to do What I should do .
IF SOMEONE HAS BAD OPINIONS ABOUT YOU, THEY do MATTER ANYHOW.
Let me know how it goes!
and He bought me drinks and snacks during the game.
shes Asian but think Asian guys are too short and look like aliens.
break up . It is not worth your time .
don't do anything drastic- just pretend that you have lost something of their
or *Are you indifferent (don't care)?
her dog just wanted to pick a fight with me
don't get it be more specfic and I'll try again!
But don't let it be your cardinal rule...
TELL HIM WHAT you LIKE AND WHAT you DON'T.
In the back of my mind , I expected him to walk out on me again.
They do, you just have to wait for the boys to grow up ;)
just start making out with him and say let have sex
but I do know from experience
yes , but you did not say who I love 4 children all at once
he may think you are weird, but if he knows , it could be that bad.
If anybody ever tells you that size doesn't matter . They are lying.
No MATTER WHAT YOU THINK OR FEEL, IT WON'T WORK, IT WON'T WORK, IT wo WORK.
I HOPE I HELPED YOU a little AND GOOD LUCK!
FOLLOW YOUR HEART AND NOT YOUR MIND . Your HEART WILL NEVER LEAD YOU WRONG.
I living here....And most of them have money and are really good looking.
right, I like the answer above, she covered it all
having faith in two people who are willing to work together
some just want to find em f@#$k em then flee em.
The girl I had wrongly fell in love with in H.S.
once a week and I have to frucking beg for it . Its Why 've had two affairs, wanted affection
Not at all, unless YOUR religion prohibits it.
Just my .02 cents...actually worth far less!
I'm 30 and kinda want to date a younger guy, maybe 23 to 25.
He might be a total nutcase!
Unless , of course , you are both single and there is a chance both of you are reinterested.
Girls tell guys that she does like him when the guys propose to the girl...
try joining a book club or something like that .
My boyfriend said he loved me and I believed him.
if you want him and he's free . What stop you ?
Why DO YOU GET MARRIED IF IT IS NOT GOING TO LAST AT ALL THERE HMMMMMMMMMM?
take a wild shot in the dark at why we have names.
so be awear of guys in high school.
hope I helped and good luck!
Her mom and dad 's full-size sit-down shower.
and do what your heart tells you to do.
If he starts acting like you have a full - blown HIV, you know what I mean?
(If he did, he would definitely wait too.)
has Your friend always been jealous, This could just be her way of breaking you up.
i know your thinking . What do you know?
I would never steer your wrong..Goodluck
ask the guy what kind of relationship he wants because you are getting mixed signals.
that's a once in a lifetime opportunity
I don't know what you mean by mistreat.
THERE HAS TO BE GOOD COMMUNICATION , STOP TALKING TO EACH OTHER EVEN IF YOU ARE UPSET.
You should be getting signs if she in to you.
communication is one of the things that gets you together , so use it and keeps you together
First u need to check his/her identity.
Wish you the best of luck .
no, Being sensitive is just expressing the way you feel.
Is that what's best for your kids?
!but 'm not generalizing here, some guys still have enough decency in their bones
Split her chest cavity open and there it is!
Forget all that stuff that happened happened , Just think about the moment and her.. Good Luck!
WHEN you FIND OUT Plesae LET ME KNOW(LOL)
yes... always be honest, no matter what.
no There is nothing wrong with the Blood!
Geesh there are an awful lot of good looking guys here!
I went with my gut feeling and I was right.It will all come out!
I think Rose16 is right, but it is good to love everyone;)
My girlfriend said she would trust me, and I never cheated again.
i think( not sure) that you should wait at least some weeks!
I never bring anyone around my daughter.
It depends...are you still friends...then talk about it...
I think its 16/17 for girls, 18/19 for boys.
If you are a guy , ask yourself an honest question: What was your first real toy?
If she hestitate, just leave her and forget about the guy you like.
Koffee, I've always said that I trust my gut before I trust anything I hear, see or read.
if you want too... but you have to face the consequence....sssss
buti want more than a little crush , so what do I do ?
but b prepaired 4 him 2 go else where.
Hey, thanks for the great stereotyping, ladies.
Sometimes guys seem more fun to hang out with because they arent as girly as some girls can be.
or he's always trying to get closer to you.
if a guy has a problem with his girlfriend 's wife, etc
i have the same question,some men are just planning senseless to manage feelings
BUT BUT BUT Why is it a big deal when guys tell it to a girl??
'm sure he will do it 4 u.
yea let him get to know you
giving a simple gift , but unexpected.
Guys don't care about the new fancy restaurant that opened up at $150 per plate .
The website might help, it's not religous or creepy at all!
english & grammar...you can do it!
yes, if the guy is not...
this is ez..... wait until he/she asks you for it....After Hi is too soon.......after bye is too long..
it sounds really nice , but a shy guy has a crush on you.
If she hit it off with this guy, maybe you should get over it and be happy for her.
I see it at work, in the streets, why is that?
But if she starts justifying then?
yes I am if you need to write me you could e-mail me is nerlande14@yahoo.com
i to talk to him and tell him what you do like and what you don't like.
I wanted her to be mine, but she didn't see me like that, and I knew it.
If you are with a woman who also likes it, then go ahead!!!!
ef you do , then you will never know
well kiss like you are really in love with that person
If you are a man and married then it is okay , BUT, 2.)
6 1/2 or so . I read
Don't let it drag on though.
Yes I did that once and now I wish I would have said yes to him
you approaching her by walking up to her.
When in love you want to give and give and give and give......and to heck with ever taking!
That being Sadi...i have dated the quiet girl that was awesome to be with.
This is going to ruin her(your wife's) life.
already I succeeded a little bit.
I certainly don't think it's OK for her to secretly have those types of friends behind your back.
I agree with MOST* of the comments here...there has to be more too
and you know you do want that.
but if ya want & that guy happens him, well then idk .
I like any girl who's pretty.
oh hell yeah, I'm sure she'd understand.
Because guys like it...my mind's in the gutter...
if you love each other and you all have your feet on the ground, you make it.
7yrs ago , I had a male friend who was very loose with sex.
Sit him down, don't even mention his ex .
but it is all up to you if you want to change your life.
but don't expect me to pay .
give him with a black eye and told him to stay away from her
Is this the same with guys??
that is what you like to go for it.
it doesnt hurt to try it out, If it doesnt work , you can always move on.
i like those kinds of dreams.
It's gotta be- Baby you're so fine, I'd drink a TUB of your water
she closing her eyes and want to close with you
for them until it's too late.
if we didn't it would be very confusing
i am sooo glad I'm not in your situation.
it depends on the guy...and just how shy the girl is.
If you loved him , you wouldn't think that he was ugly.
LOL Georgio you da luv stud hehehe
im single and the only guys in my school that like me are all real jerks.
The best man I'll ever have in this life!
Unless you have a reason, if there is any way for you to get out, you should!
Tough guys get promoted a lot (e.g.
she asks if I am faithful?
its important , 2 Bable 2 relax because that really is the best time to clinch up.
KNOWING YOUR PARTNER IS ALSO A MUST,WHAT MAKES THEM TICK, HOW DO THEY SPEND their TIME, etc
You should marry him if he is in Mil.
if you love him and try.
yup, and at that moment I forget my life
but that got nothing to do with the question.
yuck....please be a pseudo-nymn and not a real preacher??!
And what's nicer, real or fake boobs?
Wrong because this will definitely gonna cause trouble in your relationship.
American men are seen as more powerful.
And what's nicer, real or fake boobs?
Wrong because this will definitely gonna cause trouble in your relationship.
American men are seen as more powerful.
If you need to use some lube (like ky) or something.
How about shy guys n shy gals dating!!
MEN LIKE BEING TOLD WHAT TO DO TO A WOMAN TO MAKE HER COM.
do doing OR SAY ANYTHING THAT WILL PUSH HIM AWAY
Just trust her and love her.
even when it is in your mouth, swirl that tongue!
If she says she likes someone else . That means she is shop'n.
NOT IN MY OPINION , BECAUSE SOME PEOPLE LOOK really GOOD WITH their WEIGHT.
28-34 is the age range I want , but they are either waaaay too young, or waay too old.
then go up to him and say hi!
Though I have to admit I have a lot of friends that I have.
I see you do not PLAN to have sex, but things DO happen.
If you are really a preacher , aren't you supposed to be partaking in fellatio and stuff like that??
right now I have to tell someone I still love them , so I dont hurt THEM.
Of course , it's ok to have guy friends.
I'm married now with no bad feelings, and it is good stuff.......
Yes , big brown eyes are cute .
Some girls are shy no matter how they look.
you know I think he's got a big problem.
finally I fell in love for real and have a desire for even the sexiest man.
...I'm sort of disenchanted with the one I'm currently on.
you keep asking self what if?
you may think you are in Luv and 4 weeks later , realize it is just a silly crush
and also the way men are brought up .
Well you said you are a Christian.
love is what people make it .
i tried sport but there is no use..
'm a beach bum from Florida and I can spot a blonde amongst a sea of women
easier to tell when he is not.
Most men lust......but sometimes I deeper than you think.
How do I attrackt the cute guys?
STAY BUSY, GO OUT WITH FRIENDS AND HAVE FUN.
It's not a problem, it's awesome!
It's like I'm going to join the Marines.
start with just the tip , then farther & farther.
and lots of girls really enjoy it when they try it.
But if he still has a problem answering them then I don't know what to tell you Good luck!
do you know that it is wrong to be in love with your family member?
you still wear anything bright
one coupon for a quikie (my favorite).
My cousins are cute , but I don't like them that way!
Please AND Please do SAY BOTH PLEASE LOL.
it's just your jealousy talking :)
dishonor by marriage would be good for me, yea go abstinance before marriage . yea .
My princess are you out there?
How do you tell the person that you love him when he does not accept if love exist?
i do think , so I mean Women are sensitive . We ca change that .
- finding the word boobs in his google search
Mind if I ask you a few questions about said Avatar?
Why try to love someone who will not love you back all the way?
Or maybe I'm just saying that because it's Friday and I don't have a date.
would you like to see her with another man?
Now help him get over his ex.
It suddenly become about them....and so not about you!
Move your TV in your bedroom
:) Hope it all works out.
i have no idea . ask him in a letter!
if you indeed love him...why mess with a good thing.
a friend of mine is doing nice things for me and my niece.
i finally confessed and we worked through it.
i have never had a dream like that before
I wish though, I really miss them!
I'm a guy, so I can't tell you much.
If he loved you , he would be able to move on that fast!
jus ask her wat u feel??
is which IS n't GOOD FOR believe me . I know!
part on good terms and pursue her sister separably...but Hey, maybe she might be in an incestuous way....lols
If you DAMP him then you would have to do something to try to get him dry again... :-)
Problem is that I still can't eat steak following the surgery but, when I can...look out!
That way . You will get bonus pity points!
if he lets you in on his thoughts and fears and everything about him.
I'm not a woman, but I say WALK, no, RUUUUNNNN away!
The It depends on lots of things, The most important one is genetic
if you give and give but you are not receiving you will end up with nothing to give.
BUT I WOULD HAVE TO SAY LOOKS,IT'S THE FIRST THING YOU SEE.
Walk the hell away!, is not worth it, it sounds like a sloppy situation about to happen.
I don't want to just pick one , but if I have to it's got to be the girl's booty!
did you see that ring Kobe bought for his wife?
hmmm, let's see....so many to choose from.
I had the hots for this totally hot girl I met.
hit me up @yahoo.com and we'll see what we have in common
I wish you lots of luck!
so just give me your best advice please!
send me some pictures of Robiie Williams & George Michael
hit me up @yahoo.com and we'll see what we have in common
I wish you lots of luck!
so just give me your best advice please!
send me some pictures of Robiie Williams & George Michael
i told him I was going to run away and kill myself in tears never did but it worked
You had the hard luck of meeting one of them... Best of luck in future sweetheart.
The Wedding is a huge thing in a person's life!
SOMEONE WHO TRULY LOVES YOU AND CARES FOR YOU WILL ALWAYS DO RIGHT BY YOU FROM THE VERY BEGINNING!!!!!
matter of fact, I would slap her twice!!
because honestly they show us otherwise .
let me know some ways of going about that
that's a friend-but-hot relationship...ask him is that what he wants?
Give me your number & I will call you.
Im looking for a friend too
even if it hurts me and he knows it?
no ring is going to prove that.
She says nothing happened , but she also said that don't ever think that he wouldn't do something like that.
On a guy , my favorite body part is his butt.
well how do you feel about this new guy?
hope That helps :P :P :P
- She just likes to tease.
No 'm Not Yes I am.
FLIRTING LOTS OF FUN , BUT YOU HAVE TO BE PREPARED FOR A RESPONSE.
but be care full for sure .
And I want someone who is looking for the very same thing.
And act like a total B to the people whose attention you don't want.
A guy would do what you allow him to.
Most guys want to cheat on you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
First off your not a playa, your a lame, asking a lame ass question.
Yupe..i believe in that.. but I never met him *_*
the best thing I can tell you is to marry an American man.
where do good men work?
Do less on the phone and so there is stuff to talk about.
it depends on the guy , I guess.
If this is actually a REALLY GOOD BEST Friend, I would not even try to rovk the boat.
IT SHOULD NEVER BE---1)FRY 2)END 3)SHIP
it knows when it is in danger.
just write me Justin hook 1102495 hu 2-a-20 mecc 18701 old hwy 66 pacific mo 63069
it can be both men and women.
i can't top the above post.
will I look kind desperate or is it ok to do?
if you are willing to work in any relationship you can work!
She is just so hot and she knows exactly what she is doing.
i am a cheerleader and I am original on different levels.
Also remember that sleeping around rouins reputation you do . have fun and enjoy life!
But I say that love, if you truly do love him, always deserves a fighting second chance.
i looking for a true lover but I don't live anywhere near you .
Because guys like you make us kick yall's asses which makes you say, Oh wow, girls suck.
Did Did you ever tell your friend you like him?
Where can I get a printable free marriage contract online?
Listen to her thoughts and ALWAYS BE HONEST!
I would do anything for her and her kids.
thats what I was explaining to someone today.
if you did not leave him 5 yrs ago , then let it go.
ITS DUE TO the HIGH CONTENT OF FAT AND CHOLESTROL,
I think it is just their way of saying, I have travelled, so I KNOW!
would you like to join us?
:) What do YOU think Love is Blind means??
and then wrap up some chocolate syrup, whip cream and a blind fold.
he probably likes you but is just too scared to come up and talk to you though.
I because I do know you
But if you truly feel for the guy , DO NOT risk it .
Because of what qualities he/she does not have & what does not have
at home p.s: woh the cemetary, that's innapropriate
What kind of question is that it will get deleted ?
MARRIAGE..... A LOT OF PEOPLE THINK THAT MARRIAGE IS TO GET SOMEONE CAUGHT UP in THE WORLD OF RESPONSIBILITIES!.
Love is not just a word you say , but it the air that you breath,
if He's fine . Yes, but it rape.
if and I both understand what the relationship is about & ur boyh OK yes.
You need to tell her that this ain't working out with you.
The The The next day , I got a phone call.
Yes... it gives you a longer time to get to know how much you really like a person...
Make it really clear to him that you guys are together, and you don't share.
do interview if he is still interested , Hell let you know in some way!good luck
Then you will really be asking questions here . lol
Tell her how you fell dog!
and Being drunk is a poor excuse for anything.
If you are under 4-feet tall . Don't bother answering!
ask him out or wait until he grows balls and ask you out
:) Take care and God Bless! you
And then  can you trust him?
have a friend ask him if he likes you.
You recpect someone coz you love him/her or you love someone coz respect him/her..?
this guy I like stares at me a lot
it doesn't matter how much a wedding gift cost, as long as you think it's right
guys can't be alone for a month and a girl can!
my chatting with her a few days and later , give her phone
would you ever date one opponent or one enemy
throw it away . Didnt your parents teach you not to take candy from strangers ?
honesty humour and freedom ( space betwen us)
I think if you ever had that right, you certainly gave it up when you got divorced.
(i can't guarantee that these are all correct.
that had sex on the first date?
if you want to ask me out .
But that is just what happened to me.
We are in our mid 50'ss and it just gets better with age...
when you give up your life for someone if asked
that He aint ready to kiss you
And if it does work out between the two of you who you gone go to his dad?
Someone is going to get hurt here.
When you find him . Let me know if he has a brother!
Do it man, guit being so squeemish.
i to try some humor with him.
My dad worries too much about me.
it's wrong , but not to the person you are telling it to.
please respond Thanx I would like to say happy new year to you and you
if yur a guy and you have a death wish , tell them
he probably likes you then or just likes your butt
I'm sure God has someone else out there for ya.
not making decisions out of your anger and impetuousness.
me a kiss on the cheek.
in Luv but I really scared about how the other person feels . What do I do ?
you buy a round , they buy a round .
be creative to do all kinds of little sweet things for her
the floor is total fun ... but still,the stairs are a good challenge
I already have a daughter ;) Intelligence, confidence, I notice eyes first and like a shapely figure.
they r securing LOVE.Sometimes it needs 2 b done
i am 15 and never had a foster home
you also have to reasure him . His being like that because he doesnt want to lose .
but go with your gut feeling because it is usually right.
men who don't show any emotions just seem to hard and women love gentle kind sensative and emotions
It isn't weird or sexy, it 's just you.
if think they get shy around them.
From what I read here: You love him and he loves you back, You want to get married.
i think white guys and Asian girls just go together pretty well
and has changed the way he is, cuz you might have seen the changes.
but she puts Dat boi before me.
Also Some WOMEN ARE HIGHLY STRESSED , WHICH MAKES IT MORE difficult TO come
i like the big bangs OO.
it's a totally different thing to live it day in and day out.
i cheating on my husband (now) for the first 3 months of our relationship.
i have been waiting and still have the same excuse.
asking what she likes , memorizing her answers.
just let go of the past.
it's a totally different thing to live it day in and day out.
i cheating on my husband (now) for the first 3 months of our relationship.
i have been waiting and still have the same excuse.
asking what she likes , memorizing her answers.
just let go of the past.
Remember this too...men don't grow up till at least 35.
if he asked you and you said no, then grow up, and think about why you said no.
So you are bisexual, what does that mean, that you suck d)ck?
dude, there's no day without night, no wrong without right.
Hang out with some girlfriends and talk to them about this.
will You have to go to Smoth
do go by finding a blog on the internet.
If you really like her that much , you have to pursue her further.
I did, so did allot of my friends.
because their boyfriends ask them to(sorry)
Well I do think that most guys are scared of girls.
OK...THE best advice I can give you is breathe, and do think about it that much.
Try to go out with your mate's friends and bring your friends along too.
you can't just decide what features they come with.
I cannot find anything but black smile dresses . Is this OK?
wait to see what he thinks.
...so go out and find one!!
Start acting like you could care less...drives women crazy.
If you are a man and not married to a woman , then it is bad .
i have never cheated on him since.
he'll have a link you can check out.
i would be more concerned about Tyler.
you tell him that is yucky and ignor him forever
OK, well this makes me wonder if maybe he's too big.
On a girl, her legs, butts and waist.
You beat the guy up she is cheating on you with, then you spit in your now ex-girlfriends face.
Anyways... my advice is to ask him.
You just have to be careful.
You beat the guy up she is cheating on you with, then you spit in your now ex-girlfriends face.
And You don't have to worry about getting a cold!
Anyways... my advice is to ask him.
We don't suck U do.HA,HA,HA.Just kiddin U should stop watching soooooooo much TV.
cause you love someone too much!
make sure you use LOTS of lube.
the colour can change on a daily basis . What the heck does it produce ?
AND THAT ONE PATH WILL LEAD YOU to BRINGING LIFE ONTO YOUR OWN.
cause you love someone too much!
make sure you use LOTS of lube.
the colour can change on a daily basis . What the heck does it produce ?
i prefer thickness but if you length too , but if you have got it , I can work wit it .
I have tatooed my tongue....a ring
yea then split the money with her.
Senior year:- One fine day she walked to my locker.
Pick something that would be special to both of you.
up on stage to get her diploma.
talk to the prison priest if you can...
But the ones that do do it for 3 reasons: 1. because they think white men have money, 2.
Don't do anything It might make it worse
Being a virgin makes NO ONE sexy or weird.
IT TIME , IT SHOULD GET EASIER FOR YOU TO LOOK PAST(OR AT LEAST DEAL WELL WITH) HIS OBSESSIVNESS.
I don't know what to do.
or is he one of those flightly players?
Go out with friends , hang out with family and have fun in other ways .
it depends on how old you are
Now he's always hanging around me, but not as just a friend.
There all sorts of girls, some are right for you, others are not.
That's the kind of guy that you would want.
does he show you that he loves you?
what you consider teen age.
But try to convince a woman of that...
Sure I believe in love...i believe in cancer, too...
Shauna Grant... She was so beautiful, yet what a terrible tragedy!!!
It's more like lust than anything.
What a stupid question - is that honest enough for you?
There There There are a lot of sick people out there.
look You don't need him to divorce him.
Bump that.Drop his ass like it 's hot and get you a balla' of dollars girl.
i agree with paul67337.........ten points for him....i wish my boyfriend would be that romantic....sad is he
I have no idea there was a yahoo lottery...
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
but if she did not...then why did you go for it first?
can tell one thing . How can you describe a woman as sexy or a normal woman ?
because you have not explored your sexuality.
i prefer tall cos I'm tall .
its just the way you are.
me and my husband have been married almost a year and we have sex at least once a day
Maybe you just need to start hanging out with a different kind of woman.
oh my..... she is your mother , not a way to become a millioner ...!!!!
Yes there is a such thing but just have fun
Oh yeah, I'm sure she is really mature for her age .
do what she likes and be near her soul
then that ho left me for my roommate.
oh my..... she is your mother , not a way to become a millioner ...!!!!
Yes there is a such thing but just have fun
Oh yeah, I'm sure she is really mature for her age .
do what she likes and be near her soul
then that ho left me for my roommate.
If I were you I would go to the doctor anyway.
next time you catch him staring, ask him if you have a booger in your nose or something :)
To me I do not feel that you love him at all.
hell nooooo!i,m brunette and I have lots of fun
Say HI , then smile at her.
girls hold back better than guys do
I mean , some guys really look good in red, some in black.
say it with clear words: I AM DUMPING YOU.
may b coz he is attractive
DO NOT BE WITH HER IF SHE KISSES another GIRL WHEN SHE IS WITH YOU.
I hope him a little bit.
Your guy has to accept the fact that you got guy friends... Is he has female friends
Keep this person out of your head.
Heck Yea, only girls grow up.
5 to 7 inches from what I have read.
by themselves or by 'cool' friends).
Why is it that women get so attatched and men don't give a rat's ass?
Alot of guys think the quiet innocent girls are just stuck up.
always standing there when I look back.
5 to 7 inches from what I have read.
by themselves or by 'cool' friends).
Why is it that women get so attatched and men don't give a rat's ass?
Alot of guys think the quiet innocent girls are just stuck up.
always standing there when I look back.
But that's not WHY I love them.
it depends... do you like your crushes crew?
I do I know I do n't really ask him
after you have arrived , You are not done, much more foreplay for her!
Why should I be the best man she ever met??
If it was about what he wanted . You wouldn't dump him, you'd be his slave...
HE'S EVERYTHING I've EVER WANTED IN A MAN.
they know this and that is why they are so shy.
Otherwise it would be okay to lie, steal and cheat, and murder and... well, you get it.
If you really like her , you will tell her without worrying, If you don't how will you know otherwise?
one who loved me for a long time
That is a load of CRAP!!
you will find the right one.
I just don't understand why they do that.
im 26 and thinking of dating a 23 year old guy.
you just need stronger feelings..and then you know when it's time
Yes , he will constalle the bug you hit and smile or make a face at you
hiring an assasin to kill her (jus jokin)
Well, I hadn't believed that till I fell in love with a guy I'd never even seen.
trying a retirement home..maybe you can get a job there . You lazy shit
Think of her sense of humor, want it to be fun?
is there someone else in bed with you?
first of all....did she knew you liked him??
after I got a new P.C.
.........'I wish I did too...' I thought to myself, and I cried.
I'm not sure if it's gonna work.
hope this helps, but you probably need practice.
If a romance goes work out , then you lose a girlfriend and a friend.
and then there is the Christian bunch that get married to have sex.
Masturbate less... you'll become a Talking pro!!
But let me say this...they are NOT all like that.
If you like sex, don't get married!
not All guys are cheaters . There are some that are honest out there . You just have to keep looking
Forget him Ave, 'm here for you.
this is just the quote
if it is your wife, it 's okay.
then He still kept calling her and lying.
ok . I live with my ex . I still have a feeling for him.
HONESTY COMPASSION , A GOOD EAR AND A STRONG SHOULDER TO LEAN ON
good luck and hope your relationship works out!
rule of thumb - boys are stupid.
(yes, this is a trick question).
now and have been married for 3 years
guys love it when you make the 1st movie .
the first group , work hard on her inner self .
look a bit--ches not all men arent honest like ho es are , so I dunno y yall automatically think that
(Even if she's not dating/married, if she's with someone attached, that makes her a cheat too!)
stupid, trying to buy there love, foolish, easy, don't try it
I guess it 's the law of nature.. Whoever you like the most , never cares about you.
I met this guy on the internet and like him very much.
I have never asked a guy , but that is what I hear
If a girl gets too possessive, the guy will not like it.
Find someone else (who isnt a jerk)
Find a different guy you like that likes you too.
Man This I a tough one!
one question, Did you tell your friend that you like that guy?if not sorry, you're too late.
He just n't want children and I have 2.
You just need to see them.
If others have a problem with it too badly
i don't think that he has the same feeling!
OK, I have some profiles on dating sites.
it would probably make you feel real good.
I cant help but wonder...who did he kiss at midnight?
:) and one more thing.... if you run into him regularly...always look your best just for a cheap thrill!
Quizilla.com is a pretty good place to go for fun surveys!
Wish you a very happy married life in advance
after all , He thinks they are really special , so he can't be too stupid.
and I 'm sick of her then get back at me!!
Hey boys just wondering what you like , so I can show my boyfriend *hehehe*
ah, I do know , give me some advice guys.
Nice guys talk about feelings when they want to.
But I would not advise going down that same hard road.
IF YOU REALLY LIKE THIS ONE rather THAN GO FOR IT .
My favorite... Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?
when you start seriously looking for one
try to become friends and speak up.
seeing as you say you are in prison, 'm not gonna give you my return address.
think positively... he might want to buy you a new swimsuit
apparently, He's perfect but he likes football.
There is nothing I would change about my wedding day!!
Does your crush and his crew mind you hanging out with them?
its about $350, Is that too much to spend on a man?
If a guy ends up going out with me, he better be prepared to share the d*mn bill!
just make sure things do get too serious because you have plenty of time for guys.
i brought my dog there, and she had hers.
If you want to stay and fix any problems , then do.
u no u gotta have it in da summa . its warm and flowers in business!
work with it . Maybe he has a panty fetish
And real freaky so we can try new sexy things:>
Take my life experience and leave him on his ass!
I hardly even notice hair colour...
do nothing there is really nothing can be done.
get a book on marriage and how to make it work and leave it somewhere obvious.
OK, so he calls her every day , right?
it Do You KNOW WHERE SHE GOT MARRIED.ITS . A digital DOCUMENT AND it IS OPEN to the PUBLIC.
both of My parents are dead.
And of course , you have no right to do this!!!!!!!!!
and when your not with them all you want to do is cry.
you are OK with it .
~COMING FROM SOMEONE WHO DOESN'T CHEER!
do You just want to be around him always so good.
And of course , you have no right to do this!!!!!!!!!
and when your not with them all you want to do is cry.
you are OK with it .
~COMING FROM SOMEONE WHO DOESN'T CHEER!
do You just want to be around him always so good.
After the family reunion......I asked him if he could take me home.
so you should just ask him what he thinks about relationships in general.
'm sorry that's just not right . Don't do it . Don't hurt your family like that.
Ok Almost all men want to try rear entry and it does mean he is in the closet.
i do I would like to know the same thing only in regards to women .
Yes.be a man and go to her first.
will give you a list of websites that can help you search.
if anyone else has a good answer to this question , e-mail me at: livinlifeintheoc@yahoo.com
First , just be her friend and just hang out . Then things will go like they will go.
it depends on your relationship, and how long you've been married.
Yes.be a man and go to her first.
will give you a list of websites that can help you search.
LOVE IS NOT HARD . It is THE TRUST YOU GIVE TO SOMEONE THAT IS HARD TO ERASE.
There there There are ways to make it more comfortable.
Most of the guys I know got serious after their 24-25th B-Day!
Hi Again- I think I answered one of your other questions earlier!
Find yourself a country girl (3rd world) THAT WILL MAKE YOU FEEL LIKE A MAN!
you better have a big wallet.
Pick up the pieces and get moving.
you like violet and blue , why not try periwinkle?
and you can normally tell when you find the spot in a woman , you just have to know where.
'm bisexual and that 's just how I am.if you wanna talk (about stuff) e-mail me!ilove_michaelperez_forever@yahoo.com
First of all , You are special!
I wish he could tell me he loved me !
are you willing to risk it all
you should probably go online or one of those chatlines
do you think having sex with your best friend will eventually ruin the friendship or make it stronger
Its not just men...Women love sex too.
u living in the bay area?
If it's OK with her, then fine.
Its not just men...Women love sex too.
Oh, and get a nice trendy haircut.
u living in the bay area?
there is no amount it is limetless if you love her
CLUB Most Popular in your city/area ;))
I'd forgive that person(if I really LOVE her/him)
and now I do have the urge.
YES YES YES YES IT IS a SIN UNLESS YOU are MARRIED!
My youngest doesn't want me to even think about dating someone unless it is her.
I thought it was one kid , but I asked him and it wasn't him.
i feel it is not bad.
does him be with you a lot , especially when you need him?
BUT.... do NOT stay out of pity!
Better yet - why don't you sleep with her future husband!
but like I said , it all depends on the couple.
it depends on the vibe of the date, I think
I don't see where you would have time for more than one.
lot of guys start rumors to build up their ego's.s
if you have a good man or woman in your life , you should be happy.
I HAVE BEEN WANTING TO TELL YOU........
Don't LET HIM FOOL YOU OR LIE TO YOU.
Just be happy for her.. :)
He said........I have a great surprise for you!
Men react as if, You 're a girl!
It's just coming out that way.
When you'd really do anything for them , not just have feelings (because feelings don't always last)
-how do I get somebody that will marry me: find them and propose, duh!
lol, it would be kinda silly to look at them and kiss them...think about it.
or if that doesn't work, you need an outsider help, like viagra...
Am I not supposed to breathe?i'm neither single nor a dating.
NOT ALL OF THEM , BUT SOME OF THEM.
if you smile at him, he smiles back at you.
It might mean that you are probably gonna have to make the first move.
i have a very nice gf!
The Same reason Nice Guys finish last.
So, I don't think generalizations like that are good...
We are sooooooo glad to finally meet you!
if you are good friends , then you can have it.
I'm so confused because I'm still in love with him.
ALL ITS SAYING IS THERE is SOMEONE IN YOUR LIFE THAT IS TRYING TO FORCE their WILL ONTO YOU.
TO ENJOY EVERY DAY WITH A PERSON YOU CAN TRUST AND CONFIDE IN YOUR INNER FEELINGS.
If ur not ready, do plunge in.
she still got him before , you know.
Well realistically...I know I am though :)
She likes somebody else right now, but it's not really serious.
not unless you are doing something inappropriate
* My advice is to stop.
no, and I would never do that, unless he was like 2 or 1 year older.
think about how your heart feels , then you'll know what to do.
It depends on the guy, and the girl, and what each of them is looking for (one night?
you only like to have sex from both, believe me !!
it is , After all , a million bucks.
Sence Christians already gave their life to Jesus its no long your choice to act on now , is it??
It depends on the guy, and the girl, and what each of them is looking for (one night?
you only like to have sex from both, believe me !!
it is , After all , a million bucks.
Sence Christians already gave their life to Jesus its no long your choice to act on now , is it??
No if, and, or, buts about it.
apart in age...me being the eldest.
you r can ask me for my picture if you like (joke)
Sexually, you probably can't beat it.
If she is 18 , all bets are off and she can have who she wants
I don't want to lose or screw up the friendship we have.
IT IS TO ENJOY LIFE WITH THE ONE YOU MOST LOVE.
don't be a creepy stalker either.
Sorry to say that , but I never over there so I can not answer sorry bye
IT IS TO ENJOY LIFE WITH THE ONE YOU MOST LOVE.
don't be a creepy stalker either.
If you can answer that , then you know the answer to your own question .
when you are friends with a woman .
Sorry to say that , but I never over there so I can not answer sorry bye
Dream on ladies and just love him for who he IS and not who he WAS!
one coupon for a back massage.
And if he ugly u stupid
Hell to the mother fuckin no.
and then you see them still looking and flirting and talking to other women.
you only get to be a weirdo when you feel like one.
do what all the women have done to me.
well, if there's a connection and I'm really into him, 1 date.
Remember where you heard it first!
What a moron, how desperate can you be?
Uh....well....I have not had sex as a married man.
talk to you online!!!!
Most things start a little, take the snowball effect.
It's not big, but it's full of love!!
I don't know and I don't get it either.
Go beat your head on a wall until you forget that crap.
and Most of us fake it.
I taking a Tylenol before sex and it helps me a lot
Hello .. ( I am told only ) Levitra is better than viagra !!!
i look over at him and he turns to loose eye contact.
BELIVE ME HE DOES NOT CHOOSE TO BE THIS WAY.
i understand(ps.don't tell your age online!)
I'll slap her and give her half the money!
No, it wo make it stronger, but you wo be best friends forever too , so go ahead
But they should notice you anyway . I guess
do not let that stop you.
So go do the right thing!!
i have to ask you this, Does he really love you
What kind of guy are you looking for?
NOW, Why is she the best woman I ever met??
WHEN YOU CAN' STAND TO BE AWAY FROM THEM FOR ONE MINUTE.
(maybe not that extreme,but...) You have to tell her.
think about that, just in case.
yes, you should be able to
It's funny now, but it wasn't then!
he cheating and he's still happily married.
if you love each other, then you can still save your relationship.
should I go 4 it, or walk away .
because good guys get stuck in the LJBF zone...and now they are the shoulder to cry on
In other words......when In love...I share.
dude If you do know what a G-SPOT is , then you got a problem.
no, I want to hurt my mom just because of damn money .
if you mean 'it' as 'sex' then I have not.
The whole thing is complicated, but worth it if he IS everything
Tell him just what kind of a hoe she really is.
And Then we had a coke and ate pizza.
or have you tried a wingman?
It sounds so much like me...
well I wouldn't put up with that.
do need to talk , but if he watching TV go watch TV with him.
Actually yeah I do kind a&#92;have advice.. Is it possibly your kind of shy?
Guys do not touch things that they don't like.
If he were in love with you , he would have spent New Years eve with you...and only you.
i would have to say no.
coz every boy gets tempted by different things.
my my my The My question you ask depends on your answer . . The Guys are straight forward OK
I just totally like asking him and he was like.. no way she is gross.
no 'm 21 and am engaged to a 22 year old.
If she shows up at your house, tell her, Sorry, but we were just leaving.
imagine the boobs when the woman is in her seventies.
go party and like to show him that you are having fun without him.
Is Is Is Is Is it OK with you if you don't know who your father? is is is is is
MAYBE HE THINKS HE'S DOING GREAT IN BED WHILE U R SAYING HE'S NOT.
*Maybe you should look for characteristics other than a person 's appearance!
if not , then talk it up
Probably never kissed a girl before.
Third, maybe she is giving you a straight answer, and it's just not the one you want.
if you want to hang around for months on end, then at least do something constructive.
if you have more questions , Ask me
And no , you are not devious!
not enough.....once a week at most
The problem is not how you tell it...
of course , you should e-mail him .
mumbling on and on about how her love had broken her heart.
if you 'm a girl , then forget it . I am a boy
It Walking It away , seems like the easiest way out sometimes.
Women are greedy, give them both, and they will say, It is not work good enough, honey
i find good old friends comforting!
My man thinks that guys always like me even though I never see any clues that they might.
It it . It is better you find out
if you love her, stay with her.
Me, I like there to be hair down there.
(Not all women are like this .
Good luck & keep faith!
Of course , girls always like to win.
THATS HOW IT STARTS OFF , Then THEY START MEETING EACH OTHER AND ONE THING LEADS TO ANOTHER.
OR you could hand him a bag of serial killer movies, especially on Valentines day!
althought once I met a lady in a park.
its natural, because he is a movie star.
i get really good answers . This One person told me to go talk to him .
theres nothing wrong with that if you ca get it the real way.
that would make life too easy.
But that doesn't mean it wouldn't be good enough to have a working relationship.
And great ideas on fun ways to make the alubm ( scrapbook)
It just depends--i just prefer to n't have contact with them at all.....but that 's just me
u got 2 put down your cards on the table.
don't look for it, it will find you.
This really hurts when it happens.
if you love someone , then you have to let them go.
but dat messed with my feelings
What am I supposed to do?
I can't say, I don't know any but my own.
Like everyone else . I think that is no excuse.
Yea I know Cindy,it's tough isn't?.
None of that stupid tell him in a note crap.
I like the junk in the trunk, so with your two choices I would pick B.
i like most guys who have a little belly,, you know why?
screaming her sister's name in bed......and don't apologize.
thanks by posting your comment on my question . I hope this helps any
If you do like it , he should respect that and leave it alone!!
when you are friends , then you can start to flirt with him and move towards him.
well, Do you have it tough?
and most importantly , does he answer the same way about you, I sure hope so for your sake.
I think the average is: Guys 16/17 Girls 14/15
make sure he isnt using you for sex , only make him wait.
just have fun with it and only take it for what its worth.
and drive off to her new life, married to another man.
Yes you will, just be patient and confident .
i have had dreams like that.
if he tells them he is involved with you, keep him, if he plays them on, dump him
all you can do is think about them.
I am sorry but size does count...my ideal penis size should be no smaller than 6 .
No You are not GO FOR IT!
And if ur scared, girl...ask Urself who did it to you before.
It's like the Trill of the chase.
Do you have any idea what you would have to go through?)
Goth chicks, stoners, geeks, band campers, everyone.
If you are a guy you don't get your friends , like to get someone YOU like.
How about doing it?
when you know how to court...
My crazy beautiful girlfriend, Of course
Hey, a few hours never killed nobody .
I would love a girlfriend who loves me every and then some,
It's a perk that my bf has a great butt!
i know this is a bad thing , but I really ca help myself.
make sure he is in the right hole
I don't believe in God, I had premarital sex, I have cheated on my wife.
(He gets whiney sometimes, but what man doesn't!!
not all Asian women give to white men
Plus it's too far for her to travel all the time.
Well if you a girl WAIT , I promise he'll come.
so when you get married , you should give your whole self not just yourself chewed.
There is no,real relationship in Atlaeast like this .
There is no,real relationship in Atlaeast like this .
:) Suggest that you 2 go out to get something to eat or see a movie!
turn gay and love the Dick Youll enjoy it.
then you find out it is too late...
looking I know totally sure how you 're feeling!
tell her . You want other bTCHES
I had true love for both of them
and if you did sleep with him , just remember that she probably slept with him too.
trust a Good listener , always get your back , always be there for you
As far as looks go: A.
Even if you know they have always been close?
depends on how serious your crush is.
It It's not that Fat girls are easier to sleep with because they want some.
Ask the girl , tell some friends and I are going .
b cuz someone was there looking in the window at ya or you got f!
go on a group date with a bunch of friends.
Don't forget a lot of hugs@kisses too.
if you do , you ca blame her
He probably thought he could get something out of you by telling you he loved you!!
hey I am 12 also and I hang around guys I like all the time.
do it first and invite her along.
.why cant she just you out.
i know you can't help who you fall in love with , but eww!
that is something I learned after 9 years with the wrong man.
go onto vampirefreaks.com and search up the user lil_cliner...hes a hottie and definitely gay....
It it , It is difficult now in the modern world to appreciate yourself ( even by our themselves !
Because you need to get a life!
Guys don't all think the same.
i will find it on my own... and make him a big surprise about it...
Bigger than yours i suppose =))
Well, that depends on everything now , doesn't it...
Look, I'm a guy guy and there are plenty more.
If the girl is 16-18 , then 2-4 isn't bad.
If she is not rude, make something up to ask her, like....dont' you live down my street?
do look at other girls when you are with her and keep telling her you love her
I'm a guy and I get very attached and I've found the woman I date don't care.
but if you really like , you should talk to him.
No.. She is not your best friend . She is your best Rival !
Set up regular correspondence - maybe even new dates (CAM is optional - lol!)
i feel a woman can understand you better and please you better because we know the spots
It is so hard to find guys that are romantic anymore .
but you will fit in more if you do become a cheerleader.
first looks then brains (hey at least I didn't say BOTH!)
Tell her before things get out of hand.
Yep, he's boinking her, Your marriage is done
then you have to conquer yourself first , want to be more extrovert...
do say anything..play on equal terms!
hey Not all men don't give a rats ***.
bumping in to her when she has something in her hands , then pick it up .
BEEN THERE DONE THAT , BUT YOU do NEED TO HEAR FORGET ABOUT HIM.
LIVE NOW AND do WORRY ABOUT YESTERDAY OR tomorrow
You know that saying they say....go with your gut?
How scary it is if you don't really want a complete
I know it's embarrassing , but ask them!
its not a question of perception, it goes beyond god or the devil.
So that average goes up during those times :)
focus on other things in your life that make you happy.
and probably end up really liking it.
every time I have sex with my partner, I get an erection... but once inside her, it's gone.
move on girl and stop the damn insecuries before you b by yourself
Good luck... and tomorrow is the first day of the rest of your life, Bon Voyage!
WOULD LIKE TO BE THE SUGAR DADDY FOR A YOUNG LADY BETWEEN the AGES OF 18 & 30.
when your heart tells you so
A guy I winked at at match.com.
Time for a rental movie and take out food run!
I work 6 minutes a week, 10PM - 6AM EST.
but She obviously loves you , so you should love her back all the same.
i don't think it's ok to put up with hings like that.
Wait hold up . I thought the guy was supposed to be asking that question!
So mix it up a little.
ur Fiteen That is the age where you start to get intense sexual feelings and orgasms.
Hot girls have low self-esteem .
if it makes him happy that you just be yourself, Will you do that?.......
NOW I do KNOW HOW TO PUT MYSELF OUT THERE.
If I see a girl that I think is hot, would I jump into bed with her?
you should talk to her and let her know how you feel about this guy (you like).
Just be nice to her now, and then when she is single again, be brave and ask her out.
If he says no, then go out and find the one that you were meant to marry.
trying the product . If it is good , You did a good job .
You know what they say ...
Do not play games, just be straight up.
im 26, would it be okay?
Of course, but it ain't easy...
don't feel bad that happened to me before.
do you ever come to Arkansas and do you have a pic??
without a gf . You have no chance.
Yeah she should kick you out, If you need a place to stay , call Boys town National Hotline...Bad boy
the perfect girl in Mexico.
That's not just bad, it 's atrocious.
Do what he likes, be who he likes and he will notice how much you care.
When you are in love, you know it.
showing her husband is the boss in the house , but is she willing to share details before taking it?
It not because guys don't care, it's because women want more.
it didnt work before y chew your cabbage twice???
Send me a line on messenger if you like.
Either stick with him or don't, That's up to you.
Everybody does do it , but I guess it 's just women being women.
So don't give up , get out there and have some fun.
Do ya think she just wants attention.
if you do love your signaficant others do cheat , just get a divorce.
does this makes me look fat.
And God will forgive you if you make a mistake!
Don't worry about them laughing at you.
y would you want a woman to pay for dates?
As far as your love life now,keep looking,the right one is out there, but be careful!
if she is a bad lady , then just talk to her and stay away from her
I to look at girls and think that they are really pretty.
is just important as the time you give to them.
Plan something simple but fun incase she says,'Doing what.?'
it means this is how it is and this is how it's going to be.
Some people find it very nice , others do want to try it again.
when you can't take it anymore . , when enough is enough
we met Ononline and he had special on the site and I didn't have any made.
What I think I should wear?
do wait... just surprise him and do it first !
So I guess that's pretty much just us.
When someone found out about it, they were like isn't that a little too soon?
but of course, not all men.
Do what will make you happy.
Some womens like it , some don't.
How you know they are the one you need to be with.
Some women have very sensitive nipples and some don't.
Does he kiss better than your sister?
but if he goes out on dates with girls, that is a different matter.
if you like it , You are gay .
Guys can get the picture on this.
the thing is how do you stay in love?
yea, it's true that sometimes you lose something in love.
prostitutes, Man I tell you that is the way to go
just be careful on what signals that you send one another.
Ask her why an attractive girl like her is dining alone...
If no, then try asking him why.
should I dump them from bein my friends, or not?
Whatever you do, don't worry about being different: this gives you an edge over the other guys.
don't think about the motions involved, just try to make your partner horny.
Do it.........and then let us know how it goes.....k?
IT IS WRONG TO SEE YOUR FRIEND'S BOYFRIEND THAT WAY.
:)He said it back that made me very happy.
Once a cheater , ALWAYS a cheater.
U could give her 6 red and 6 white...be different!
it was my first time... I do know how many tomes he has tried already...
when your life flashes before your eyes and he is not in it!
Guy or girl, that's being a friend.
If you think he's interesting , say so, If you think he's funny, tell him you crack me up!
Please send me the video..thanks....send it to: 234 yankers way JO,.Oklahomo 23456
Best bet.....Ask him....if too shy to ask.... have someone else ask for you.
start by telling them about you
-try getting her something that she'll like, do get something too personal though.
I Love You) Little things like that help.
Funny and fun to be with.
Is age doesnt matter younger or older . Do you think he acts immature?
Does he still want me physically or is he just trying to be nice?
but I stopped liking him because I did want to hurt our relationship.
i say theres way more guys out there!!!
jumped neacked front of him and when he is alone , that always gets my attention .
THe only thing is I kind of think he is using me.
I think I might be gay , so we can kinda be friends
JUST TELL HIM YOU LIKE HIM!
I do know why .. lol I have to pee too ( I am a guy :P )
(I was able to realise she was not at all my type)
Thats like saying, Do women always cheat
You have a chance to, but don't turn a girl down because she's ugly or something stupid.
do you even feel bad about what you did??
Im assuming that you 're not talking about someone that you just met.
then , after all the love , you have given that person they just want something new.
communication is the first step...without it , you wouldn't know how to make him happy...
im going to be a jerk and say, no
out of sight, out of mind.
look a real man..wouldnt accept a dare like that.. because he wouldn't want to test you losing you..
My question is to all GIRLS out there is what you actually seek in your BF.
Why it is sad all the time when all it does teaches people
If you don't want to hurt her , then do it as quickly as possible.
MOST PROBABLY HIS MOTHER IF THEY ARE THAT CLOSE AND HE is SCARED OF HER.
(i am sure that there there things that your boyfriend wants to do in his fanstasies)
my my my my my my and my I and I are really close friends now.
But yea, after that, touching his penis is always an effective start
Obviously If he cared , he would have called back.
I don't mean to sound like an ass.
no Not all men cheat, you just seem to find the wrong guy .
So they won't be called whores.
Well , IF YOU AGREE TO TRUST AND BE APART from the PERSON YOU want to STAY WITH , THEN WHY NOT!!!!!
Obviously If he cared , he would have called back.
I don't mean to sound like an ass.
no Not all men cheat, you just seem to find the wrong guy .
So they won't be called whores.
Well , IF YOU AGREE TO TRUST AND BE APART from the PERSON YOU want to STAY WITH , THEN WHY NOT!!!!!
discuss your baby with him.
No offense, but it sounds like one of the biggest mistakes you could ever make.
(if you do know what 'm talking about, 1st base = kissing, hand holding, hug, what is it?)
hi who r u first of all.
Once a cheater , always a cheater.
Cold turkey honey, like heroin or cigarettes.
Barrow some money, I'm broke as hell right now!
its not an umbrella . I read an article once, where women make their orgasm with some bladder problem..
because you ca get a gf.
its because men and women 's minds are wired differently
only A bad person would do this.
If you don't do any better...
i have new friends now and am happier than I was when there was so much gossip.
Sure why not either way your gonna cause a mess.
kiss them and give them a big hug and say I love you that should do it...
And if your parents object, tell them you really need to do this, I hope they'll understand :)
Please, please, PLEASE do not throw your life away
Well , if you really have love for that one girl , then you should put yourself out there.
but you won't like them and 'cause they are as big as breast size.
clit and penis that can be connected together
them saying you are gay sounds like sour grapes to me.
going to have a lot of disagreements.
I don't know if I should give him another chance.
How about hi, my name is... And quit using this site to help you get laid, That's just sad.
or is there another reason behind it?
yes it its just hard to find them .
well... it matters if you just how you think about it.
wow At least you know it is not real normal.
do you go with who you want or what is right and how do you know the difference?
ID... check out my blog... ykalex let me know what you think.
It's your life too...Don't waste your time waiting..ask him!
One of my good friends found a really nice guy and they have been together for 5 years!
don't call yourself ' black ' .
Naked women & men, doing sexual things.
if she flirts or says hi a lot of times , then hey!!
Else, don't hang out with her.
But don't just end it without warning.
take it slow . What your rush?
TULIPS, LILIES, DRAGON SNAPPS, THAT is ALL I CAN THINK OF .
Like a playstation, or maybe some music.
so I was going to dump him but he dumped me first.
i think he liked it and I was pretty proud of myself for being so bold.
men needs to be given something to persue.
Well, I don't really loose the mood, you probably do b/c you're thinking about it.
Get naked and go down on him.
do you wait to see if he says it first?
If you are not happy - get a divorce, then have sex!!
Get a real man, just don't deny him his kid.
i left college in January and also left my boyfriend.
you might need some help from a family adviser
Why are all the good ones either married or gay?
sexy is a very relative term....
If so, you can get a lot of BF under 21 in que, waiting for you
And if all else fails, its just one more year, babe!
At least you get to see him every
What I want to know from girls is...why do you all think you're fat??!!
then enjoy the quiet cruise back to the dock.. and then it is up to you wink wink...
before I answer, is he a rich dealer??
Or just try the Secret Admirer ploy.
Chances are, he likes you too!
you can tell you someone either likes you or is lying on you
and if you want, you may contact a psychiatrist
IF YOU are looking FOR A FRIEND . Thats OKAY , BUT THEN THAT YOU on THE WRONG SITE .
so they just become big jerks.
My ex-wife cheated on me and I gave her a second chance.
this is Brittany by the way ,
3 years later, we got married.
well,if women can get silicon breasts,i think you could get a silicon member
and Well me and my mate are looking for some fittys
multiply yourself into two... that may help...
there is no good or bad in general.
going into his face . Say I like you
Will you go to hell to remarrying?
multiply yourself into two... that may help...
there is no good or bad in general.
going into his face . Say I like you
Will you go to hell to remarrying?
in hard situations which you feel you yourself have the ability to do something better than her
Eyes Closed Eyes Open Hard Kisser Public kisser Tongue kisser Everybody kisser
u can acquire it by practice
pretend u r playing your boyfriend with a boy who is your friend
I DON'T SHARE MY MAN WITH ANYONE.
Well, First, girls do normally ask guys to dance.
Then move up to the big stuff.
spend time not just sucking them like a crazed animal but caressing them and the like.
Start farting around him....and stop shaving
I guess women just don't talk about things like that.
see I am in love with my boyfriend and he has been acting funny the past couple of days.
Just be happy how it is.. 'm a female by the way.
Wow, I went through this myself.
CHEATING REQUIRES PHYSICAL CONTACT IF HE'S JUST CAMMIN, IT'S SELF GRATIFICATION .
my my my my my my my my If my your in2 som1 and theerre in2 then yes ,
Some girls think they're fat because other people have the audacity to tell them that.
if a girl said it say Are you sure because we can talk about it.
To be my height(5'9) and weight(185)I really don't think I'm fat . I thick!
What about married men that ladies ca resist
Having a guy going hot and cold on you is no fun.
Who wants to date him,you or your sister
You should dump him or cheat on him and lie to him!
This is not true, nowadays girls do this to men.
It depends on how much she loves him .
Ask if he has a girlfriend.
Just the first thing that came to mind.
u must not be ready , sweetie.
I think it is not even possible .
just imagine how much worse their life would be, if it was behind bars.
My neighbour,Josh is 999yrs old.
Yes you should ask him . it is 2006 . . Just ask Shorty one love Rio
i think I should be a girlfreind I just ask because my boyfriend is black and hot .
FIrst, stop sleeping with the guy.
Do you really wanna ruin your life so soon?????????
when he changes his surname to Bundy....and visits chainsaw selling shops...
then you should go, unless there are changes.
DO IT, even if you are sick, and able to move.
i If he ca give you competent answers , he even wastes your time, keep it pushing.
Please just forget about this guy.
Um yea have you ever in your life even heard the word sex????????
A lot of girls like white roses - makes it a little different from the usual red roses.
Now ask yourself, Am I?
Should I just flat out ask her if she thinks we could start dating again??
He or she hates it when you act happy like it ain't no big deal!
girl He is sssssssssssssssssooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo fine gurL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm kinda having the same problem.
Don't mess with a good thing.
it was really hard for me to break up with my boyfriend , but he accepted it.
show him that you are a strong enough person that you don't need his attention.
And you don't do it in public.
Someone telling him negative things about you
But don't lose hope.......you get 9 tries at this.
I did that for my mom 's 50th b-day.
Then , if she is interested , going solo on occasion.
and try and talk about something' what with girls today?
I'll leave him if you want to get married and he don't there some sexy men out there
Once, then it could have been a mistake.
If you don't know what you're doing
because ur not looking in the right places....
and nothing ever happened to us or between them!
But hey , don't let that stuff get you down because there is a girl out there that you'll find....
But cheating is the way to go.
thats how I feel and he does too.
No, Josh thinks girls have cooties so he won't kiss you.
it depends on how long you want to wait, or waste your time.
then tell those other people are gay and that you love him
You go girl... Let me hear you ROAR!
i have been participating in cultural interaction and now I want it in my marriage.
na n't be bad . When I was 13 I was doing the damn thing
Should I tell her next time she asks or just keep dodging her?
Take your time , don't whore yourself into anything
I there for everything , He will tell me everything no matter what.
Tell him and then have sex with her.
u haf...it's just that you realise...
Why Do Men Or Guys Always Want Sex 24/7 ?
but very well adapted to exercise and dream up ways to keep going also.
Don't worry, just take it easy.
would you tell her that you like the appearance of another female?
Girls like guys who are bad or a challenge.
You are confident enough to ask strangers for advice, it shouldn't be a problem...
grow up and maybe at a later date, he MIGHT notice you again
friends you have a lifetime.
When I did, he wanted me to sit on his lap...
hey Bro if it did nothing , then the time comes.
Some girls really like shy guys, or the strong silent type.
Some women like big, burly guys, while others like 'em long & lean.
If he totally hates me, then how do I deal? with
no way, trust is all you have
but if the reason you do have sex is her illness, that would be bad
Sorry honey, but that IS life!
Like I said I would need more info.
Not a boy who wets his bed.
I do think it makes you a lesbian.
No I do think it is.
makes it a little more comfortable and go from there
body sprays you can use throughout the day.
yes, age has nothing to do with love, and 37 is not old .
The only thing I can tell you is to persevere and you will get there .
if he is your first BF, accept the fact that you will make mistakes and he probably will too.
Sory dude could be bothered to read the following
is boys that are intelligant and loving
cuz 'm not jealous and I do get all weird.
Hope you find someone to replace her with that not so boring!
I mean , seems like you got a lil' money.
look at me and you will tell me the best...jk They will come to you..just worry .
if he's legal and willing; go for it girl!
come on Perv Get a life
HE IS WHAT ARE YOU BLIND.
My life after about 12 and on has been pretty good.
you also have to let your wants be known
because it is like e-mails and only with messages and comments
just do it and tell him to smell your fingers and guess what it is!
I wouldn't take him back . There would be a huge trust issue!
I telling guys that I wanted to kiss him.
there are Gurlie's like that too . I know life's tough .
or better yet: why don`t you kiss him!
when the drugs are gone, obviously... time to find some other poor sucker you can mooch off of...
i don't know what to do.
maybe you're just really hot and he ca keep his hands off you
probably he likes you or he is crazy
There are guys out there who are waiting...
if you love your friend, you should talk to her.
have You got a phone book
OH Yeah YOU SHOULD BE WORRIED.
^_^ i also agree w/ dede!!!!
no who is cheating with Yahoo or Googles
i was happy and wanted more , but it your opinion
or she could be doing it for attention
haha no um are you sure u don't know...look it up
plaese help me :( so who 's wrong?
no who is cheating with Yahoo or Googles
i was happy and wanted more , but it your opinion
or she could be doing it for attention
haha no um are you sure u don't know...look it up
I mean, it's just something that you made yourself believe in and now your mind reacts like that.
a lover scorned is like no other hell.
THAT kind of freaky is just....wrong!
People can't sugar coat things all the time ya know.
It depends on the age group actually!
Why wait till 5, you got a kid, and that's the prodding he should really need.
tell him that you love women..
In relationship, showing how much they like a female?
The most important advice I ever got about marriage was that you should always make love!
if you have sex with another person, then no.
-- I am really sorry my answer is so long, but I hope it helps - - -
I keep telling you guys that Johnny Depp wants me.
do worry about it . A wife will always disagree .
There lol There is no way you should do something like that.
after you married read the bible , but if not , then the hotel room is nice .
what happened next?what did your partner say or do?
always keep in touch...then once in a while , both of you must go out...:)
Good Luck, make it work a good man is worth keeping, They are so hard to find.
But you only need one month , hehe!
Yo Mamma prefers me and I have long hair
or is it that you just treated her like shit???
Some guys still think they can date young women
i want it to be perfect for the first time.
Is he going to marry her???
it's something I will never do again and I don't think you should ever do.
Guys are always thinking about sex.
to me , this sounds like the saddest thing ever.
And watch how she interacts with other people too!~
HE'S NOT READY TO BE IN A GOOD RELATIONSHIP.
as long as you do look like burt from a sesame str.
What is seriously wrong with guys?
nope you can still be friends if you two still get along.
i've had 3 relationships at work and I think it is up to the couple.
1 would you rather go out with him and have your friend feel hurt?
thats cos your a sad loser and you should find a woman for real , not online!
it's already been answered so many times...
This means at 19 years old you fall in LOVE ....THIS IS THE STARTING AGE OF LOVE =))
he said we could go to vegas
No I'm n't Go to ur nearest Club
u can try sideways and see if it's best ;)
Who are these losers to tell you who you can and can't be friends with?
Don't go hook up with just anyone because your not with him, You have a baby now.
coz we're scared of embarrassing ourselves....
Also one day they are with you , then the next they are with your best friend?!?
It just might do her some good!
its about where he comes back. from
Best not to go on record at all.
trying to see the 'guy' in the girl.
Im pretty sure he has feelings for you.
i think asking her this question will clear up something ..
It's simple really...we don't like saggy, droopy, wrinkly, dried-up haggy-baggies!
Tell him there are guys who are MARRIED that have'nt had ANY SINCE August BASICALLY TWICE A YEAR!!
no because you'll burn in hell
**If you can, please READ my other Questions
Guys always want what they can't have.
When you meet that special one..you're gonna know it and he will too!
so call down and go for it!
one question Why ya broke up
hi 'm bi to but mostly go out with guys , email me sometimes
i got divorced on Nov05 after 5 years.
getting the markers out and drawing on other arms and stuff like fake tattooes lol
niether...if you have to ask a bunch of people who you do know then Niether
YES , BUT you HAVE TO HAVE IT IN YOUR SOUL .
I'm assuming ur a girl because of your picture.
when your only 13 , but hopefully that helps.
so have the chance to find someone.
There There , There will always be cuter guys than the one you with.
At night school while earning your GED.
I think we are all OK though.....as today no men have had a baby
do you want to keep your friend or bang this chick?
there are a lot of independent moms out there.
Talk to him and quit being a pussy.
Yo this is princess , the finest chick in trenton!!!
coz Asian women have small vagina!!!
tell her she is screwin up.
i know that most people are scared of finding that true love, and what finding that person means.
I think about how amazing that would be.
for your case , I think that it is probably just a crush.
ask her out and buy a ring
This would lead me to believe that he either has a girl or he does like you
just try not to orgazim so quickly , just smooth and sensshual
Why else do girls keep asking ?
and who knows maybe she's thinking the same thing and is having the same problem.
So in theory , you need to remarry so you can ...live with someone .... have sex with someone...
or she just is not willing to control her usage of words and sentences.
i n't like superstars, so I wo marry one..
Just tell him that you thought it would be cool to go with him.
27 is the best for me...
it will pay off in the long run.
What if the department head needs security for something????
My husband is Jewish and I am not!
Ask yourself self why you always take her back?
i think it might help you.
`` ask yourself , Do you like her or her body?
If not, then you should break up.
For a more traditional meal I have one: 1.
I I I agree with the good answer from New
Youve dated some bad bad seeds.
i hardly ever see him at school either . Usually I see him at my brothers ' basketball games .
don't be too nervous , just be yourself and you'll do just fine.
if a guy said it leave him alone.
do going out with him .
FIRST A LITTLE ADVICE: LOVE yourself . You CAN'T LOVE SOMEONE ELSE IF you DON'T LOVE yourself .
But until then, do not sleep with him.
Most of all, listen to your Mom.
because that is your main focus.
I I I course I still have fellings for her . U just broke up Donw worried they would go back to normal .
ASK him what up in a joking way.
total submissive to your boyfriend so you can win his heart
Don't you see handsome men when you are with him?
and fast.. He is not worth it, since you arent together anymore.. You hate him, Now stop thinking about him .
advice don't tell your friends your business.
wut Do you think it is an appropriate age to lose your virginity..w/out it be too young?.......
You will NEVER get away from her.. She is his/her mother!
Just forget all he has done.
20 women stores and accessories, etc...1 or 2 guy stores.
- then she's just naive and it's just a crush.
it also means that you might be with that person for a very long time?
Maybe going to get coffee and then take a walk afterwards.
hey Kelsie Yeah thanks for the answer, I think I'll do that.
at least be honest with her.
meeting after dinner time at clubs with no cover.
you trying to the wrong guys
LOL.... well, I do like it... but one of my friends loves it.
If he is still in training, WAIT UNTIL HE GRADUATES!
if you think about the person day/night and if you bug(like seeing) them too much.
you just have to find a good girl
get as fat as you can , so he ca see beyond your fat body.
They get too groos in there.
or they could be a famous star.
I Do NOT THINK YOU KNOW WHAT LOVE IS.
well Those people are just guys!
well it depends on the situation,but girls don't break their heart if he is rite.
Well I say that if he is cute , go wit him and try something new . its that easy .
do know , but when you find out , let me know.
If you break up with someone and think about them six months later?
Find someone your own age...don't you think?
I hope you get what I mean.
But if you want that to change , just be a little ubersexual
Doing it now will help both of you heal and move on.
I feel like she's trying to take my man.
IF YOU WANT TO MAKE HER FEEL GOOD, HELP HER GET BACK ON HER FEET.
I do laundry . I do dishes I vaccumm.
honestly You have to go by his actions.
Now My old best friend is occusing the girl of sleeping with her ex.
like get 2 know him & try to find out some things in common
I stink, help me to not stink.
talk to him about his jealousy.
Don't believe this guy for an instant.
Just leave a message asking him to get back to you.
Your kids will know that mamma isn't happy and that'll make them unhappy.
How do I convince him we're not gonna be together anymore?
The The right one will come when you're not looking so hard!
he will obey(cherish) you if he really loves you
What is in it is for men, nothing!
It's too bad that they were raised this.
first How long have you been going out???
do you think the relationship is worth one more try?
Otherwise, he might be hurt if you don't go with him.
And if he does , should I say anything to him?
its Do they tell the truth Do they lie to you
About the kiss thing . I really don't know that is something a girl could say first!
Then the baby is ready to come out.
hey don't give up hope though you will find her one day!
Just be yourself and don't try to impress them.
She is just a selfish girl.
but I really wanna know why she's still part of me.
You should not do this in front of her!
So I hope my advice helps.
Move on, they are not worth it!
because there is no one business but their own!
While You still have a bus fare.
You should pick up a sack, some Phillies, and have some fun.
You have the audacity to ask should you stay or go...you cheated on him!
one That is the opposite of my ex.
No No No .... Love is all around us.
and Would you mind having a threesome you your boyfriend and me ?
no your stupid , You think republicans are better . They SUCK!
But yeah dude that was dirty getting her kids took.
and I touch um every chance I get.
And at a very unusual time in my life too.
!that will always cheer you up...
it isn't too long, you just have to do it when you feel ur ready
Have sex with her and ask how she feels.
Guys buy us stuff and it is so great to be pretty.
there are so many out there.. Good luck with your search!
My wife is no loner interested
Women don't like liars, they like politicans.
but I found out he was cheating on me and I knew it had to stop.
The Best birthday present would be her with nothing on but a bow... ;)
o so your family is w/ a maniac.
So find someone that will return your love!!!!!
i saw the love of my life.
You don't have to call and go off.
If If he did , he'd have called.
But if you mean just sex , then I guess appearance.
He is My friend . I love him!!
You don't have to call and go off.
It's nothing but boring old vanilla ice cream for you baby.
If If he did , he'd have called.
But if you mean just sex , then I guess appearance.
He is My friend . I love him!!
you owe it to him and you owe it to yourself as well.
either that or they're just too smart to deal with the drama!
no It doesnt mean that ur bi.
we do need more young parents around here, we have got enough of um.
We have a baby boy together.
How can I get her back?
Think to yourself is this fun thing worth losing the one you love?
keep a man on the run by being attractive.
they have to be on this website.
little sex often leads to cheating.
These are not things that should be just turned on and off IMO.
If yes , then You are :) that's what I would say.
asking him questions about his fommer gf
If you just send him an email, then that means ur scared.
Why not just ask him if he would be interested in having lunch with you.
That's my advice to you, Good Luck!!
you ca be sure unless you ask , but look at 4 all of the signs
And, at 13, sex isn't that great anyway.
i spoke to mum a few days ago and that's when she told me all that stuff.
he n't deserve you find someone who does.
no I wouldnt say to do that.
the book of techniques in bed to make both of you feel very good
Nonchalantly , just ask her, Hey you want to hang out this weekend?
Did I ruin things by sleeping w/ him too soon?
if you consider masturbating cheating, then yes.
;-) Can't wait for the summer...
do you see him very often
and soft kisses on the back works too.
Go with the one whom you love , provided 'the one'(u havent mentioned whether it's a she/he) loves you too.
I 'm not sure what to do . Should I tell him ?
search kama sutra on google ....
He's a great guy and I 'm sure that there are more out there somewhere.
Long....long hair is so sexy when it's got the right style.
At least he didn't beat you like mine did.
you might feel queesy and tingly..tat's how I felt
Because the GOV is srewed up.
1st, you talked all about yourself
Unless you hang out all the time and are best buds, then she might love you...
In other words , Boys ask girls out not the other way around.
sometimes it better to just be friends
I lost my virginity at 17 and then it opened the flood gates...hahhahaha.
SEX AND MORE SEX AND MORE SEX AND MORE SEX.
hey girl I think your nice would please email me juanchubaca7@yahoo.com
you can not make them not cheat.
If you are scared....you are not supposed to have it!!
Some guys are just weird and confused because they choose to be
kids,computer,playstation and TV comes first,whats left I get
What you see is what you get.
if you are in pain...go for it!
First...a boy is not a guy and a guy is not a man.
young men are looking around...and women are just mirrors.
Don't let this guy use you again . avoid him at all cost and forget about him!
I need to write a good Best man speech
Ahhhh, I'm a parent.....what don't I feel guilty about??
If you're not, and you love her, then you should just let her go.
get your mom some bubble bath!
Way to go, now you just need to stick with it .
I'm gonna try my own advice.
?.....unaware that you feel the way you do.
Get out there and hang out, listen to conversations, watch people interact.
either he likes you or you fat,ugly,or mean
It all depends on the season of the wedding : ) Good luck
again be late so she already has a drink.
but you find true love for sure.
its entirely possible that he is too shy to tell you.
Integrity should be screaming at you at this stage.... DON'T DO IT!!
Then you would end up making things look even worse!
women talking in code and men talk in direct language .
remember there are people out there who are single and doing all in their power to look attractive.
good luck and make sure you don't choose a club with knots
HE USING YOU , BUT YOU HAVE TO STOP TELL HIM AND JUST DON'T MAKE YOURSELF TOO AVAILABLE.
so no doubt we will forget them at all.
THis is an answer but thanks for the tip on my question!!!!!
Do do this . Never think about giving real love to your wife .
but We went out for a while before I loved him.
Good Luck, and remember what I said, Shur, he's your first but Not your last!
you only want to last long with sex . No wonder he/she don't want you anymore!
longer man not too long, shaggy like oooo something to run my fingers through
When you least expect it...relax and have fun!
Someone out there who will understand your pain and say OK, do it..
You just have to ask him!
if you really love this guy , you are just going to have to put up with it.
he really likes you or he just wants to get some
The worst thing that can happen is he'll say no...and he just might surprise you!
Talk about e thin you like, as long as it has nuthin 2 do with his ex - girlfriends.
You should ask him out on a date!!!
giving my life in Jesus Christ, and speaking in toungues for the first time
Okay, so I like this guy, like, a lot.
How can I make friends with a person that I have a relationship with ?
do look at it as in what you lost, but what you have to gain!!
just bother them to remember all the important dates
1. if she likes to be with you.
well if your cousin is romantically interested , back off.
Ask him if he likes you.
So now your ask for the car back.
A freak that looks, and acts like a good girl.
Get freaky, and not be boring...
Yeah, why do you propose giving it a chance?
he wants to work things out with me, but he is a cheater.
i am sorry , but he should not have taken the dare . That was a stupid move.
We are taught from a young age to not be emotional (Big boys don't cry, etc.)
So, just talk to him and be friends.
i risked my heart with a man who cheated on me.
Shaggy...it's so fun to make it all messy!
They get mad if they gain a pound!
But if she doesn't, ASK HER!!
But be careful that if you want to be more than friends, you can ruin the whole being friends part.
No, there are so many really good guys out there that would treat you right, you deserve better .
girls are drawn to guys that are jerks . This just perpetuates the behavior.
Maybe she has reasons, ask her!
You ca be sure if she likes you unless you ask.
If he wants to marry her , just be happy that he has met some one who makes him happy!
just readin your question makes me hot
How old is old is that is the question?
cause girls are girls and we are picky
1. She will play with you 2. She will tell you (hopefuly after you ask her ) .
If she is ready , then there is nothing wrong with having sex with her.
Clitoris...it will feel AMAZING for her and will be fun for you to play with too.
it n't be beeasy if you do find it.
The The Cuckold is a husband who 's wife is cheating on him .
Brazil has my vote, Sao Palo very steamy year round
I think so, 'cause I'm the same way.
BBW or a large girl or woman doesn't mean that they are not healthy.
At least I think she does.
he like you or he is just crazy and anooying or a stalker
p's If you want 2 and dis questions , add your phone or your e-mail address
Still you need to tell her that his your man not yours.
cuddling is always fun... but I guess that might be sexual stuff.
WHERE YOU LEAST EXPECT HIM TO BE.
I do know if he likes you , but you should talk with him cause he might be shy.
yes , be optimistic as I am
girl on her back, guy on his knees.
Once trust is gone, no matter how much you forgive , you will never forget.
maybe shy , so try it.
hang out with your friends but stay with b/f and see what happens
grab her back and kissing her
i need help with this one man!
you may find that without the pressure , you want her even more than you ever had .
maybe she doesn't like you , so why bother??
You sound like a nice guy 'thickchix'.. you'll do just fine.
If all else fails, laughter always works and friends help too.
I have a friend who just moved to Arkansas from here in Oregon who is interested in internet dating.
do have a name like wanna be a playboy . It just my guess man , but that might help
I Love You Hunnie Loads and Loads
avoid perfume and things like that.
tickets to his favorite sports event.
I like saying If it's to be It's up to me!
The The The more sexy a girl dresses , the more she turns on a man
hey, that is my favorite too !
maybe looking for another love.
maybe He has problems or something.
do it That is what mine did to me, it is funny.
And to all who read this SCORPIO'S RULE!!
Yeah cause that makes it special and you will remember it!
(( you don't make sense I won't make sense)
be the bigger person and just ignore it
LOL, I am fat...so I'll give you a great answer.
In short, if she thinks she looks good, she'll feel good!
Do nothing and keep your mouth shut.
if your scared , don't do it .
If you like him and enjoy hanging out with him , then talk with him and hang out.
so just chalk this one up as a learning experience and go on and enjoy life.
it It it It It It . I think it is quite cute.........McDonalds is a relaxing place where you can hang out and have fun!
But even if you explore your options... it still doesn't mean you're Bi.
8th grade is too young to date, baby!
ca Nobody help you have sex.
what does the new girl think of her?
so what you call a good kisser and might not be what I like.
Why don't you kiss him first and stop waiting on him.
what does the new girl think of her?
Go ahead, just go up and ask, maybe just go as friends.. Good Luck ;)
so what you call a good kisser and might not be what I like.
Why don't you kiss him first and stop waiting on him.
i was kinda let down cuz it wasnt what I expected, but the next time was much, much better .
Why not go out with one of those other 50 ppl?
there are plenty of horny men out there on the net.
My wife is beautiful, kind and smart.......
ITS BETTER THAN YOU HEARD, IF you DOING IT RIGHT.
Under no circumstances do you EVER allow things to shift the other way......ever!
But if one or both of you still cannot get over, it don't be friends.
lot of girls judge and look at other girls.
To all the guys out there: GROW UP!!!!!!!
Everyone is right - you can't mess up.
Hes happy with her , but then again hes not.
Slowly start to flirt with him and if he flirts back..then you know he likes you.
do think it is quite normal.
i do believe that they are ALWAYS there, not only these days
we both work hard and earn good money.
Most guys that are obsessed, are the main ones who stalk you.
Well lets just say sometimes I feel no love from him!
if she's just trying to be all Kool she's not.
If you ca you'll never get over it.
do seek revenge and forget about him and move on.
I ca believe you asking that question you sick-O he he just playin>;-)
Do people ever get over it or do they just learn to deal with it?
You seeing The girl of my dreams is a Tank Girl.
Now she wants to kick me out.
hmm.. I think he still wants you physically..
just act like you want to be friends with the guy.
I do wish you luck........I know it is hard!
You should ask questions like what is going on and why is acting funny..
That's what makes this country so great...we get to have that!!!
but don't mind them all because when you fall in love.
is he taking the whole lying thing too far or am i?
NOW IT WOULD BE GOOD FOR YOU TO LEAVE HIM ALONE.
Ok This question is just too good to pass up.
if not, then tell me and I'll be glad to take it from here!
people fall in love because some people are beyond just liking.
how gone , ask some people you even know?
(My bf does that sometimes too.
It's not that bad if you already tried it anally.
just ask him what's wrong, delaying this issue won't work.
THAT IS THE STUPIDEST QUESTION I HAVE EVER HEARD!!!
i found out through his mother.
never know til you find out
I also like guys with big soft lips.
You need to dump his ass.
OK, so I got this crush on a best friend of mine and he knows.
men lying because they think its right to try to protect you from the truth by trying to lie
If the friendship is real , he wo get hurt
So:Say what you think before it's too late!
TO DREAM A DREAM, IS ONLY A DREAM, BUT TO DREAM OF THE ONE YOU LOVE IS REALITY!
There is no answer except for this: ONLY TIME WILL TELL.
I AGREE WITH MN_SASSYGIRL PLUS AN EXOTIC LONG HONEY MOON AFTER THAT(HAY DIOS MIO)
He's in jail now because of this guy I am friends with.
it saying ask a question...I wanted to see what would happen
find something else to do , occupy your mind with something else.
they are both very smart and mature if that helps any...
you need to stay away from that guy
You have to believe it , so get out there, watch, listen, and then talk!
because people just love talking about sex
That guy is so handsome, he must be gay.
Maybe next time though, do always give too much hope to a guy.
But that is the way it goes.
ask him if he will pray with you for guidance.
Are you asking guys or girls
maybe you should use stronger deodorant.
Why do you call yourself ' black ' ?
No, you just not doing it right if you think that..
it want to hurt , but Ull feel much better(trust me on this)
i really like him, and I know he likes me, but how do I get things started?
they're just telling you what they think of ur bf...
If she likes you too, then... What more could you ask for?
its really hard when you want to know what happened.
Ur ex: Does this dress look fat on me?
`` calling her say I LOVE YOU
love is joy, obsession is where the pain comes in.
16 minimum; preferrably when you are 18.
(not that many explamantion points though)
Give him a hard time too while you are at it.
n't be her friend . She will just stab you in the back.
well 'NO' if she asks , she is not a nice girl .
still can't figure it out myself.
MY OPINION....you did kinda put yourself out there.
a viberator is a dil do.
it is what it means . Drop what you were talking about .
Unless she is a millionaire . Dont just hang on.
There there's There is lots of stuff you can do.
I I I only like him as a friend, English!
be nice , He is confused himself about what to do
NOW Ur ANSWER:JUST LET IT HAPPEN . Don't TRY TOO HARD . B/C you are GOING TO FAIL .
I feel I'm ready to start meeting people again , but I have to confess that I'm SCARED!
Of course , I was cheap and only took her out to Ihop once.
the second was actually one of my managers, who worked for a while (nobody knew).
u have a chance , cause she misses you
great question...you make me blink and think.
boys do never know what they are talking about.
or should I date someone older?
once you get invoved it automatically goes both ways.
I hate hair that is so short.
Do you know what your best friend feels about this?
(I tell guys that I like them, it's really simple!)
got a divorce because of it.
If you had legitement reasons why you lied, you should explain to him why.
It definitely has to be Face to Face.
The The person you are looking for is not me.
if you are that daring, then go for it.
AS SOON AS you FIND OUT THAT THE PERSON IS USING DRUGS.
I guess it would be wrong to ask you to send a video of what you've been doing?
men like you to chase them...see what happens when you stop calling him
And then they had a small buffet, even though there were over 250 guests!
You looking for a fix me up guy.
If I like my girl I would never act that way.
i mean , the problem is does it make you happy or not>?
Should I just start being mean or something?
i need a wife to be with.
email me and I will show you pics
Guys that smells like armpits and patchouli!
... it's EXPERIENCE and WHOLE life!!
watch how you carry yourself around.
I mean he is cute , but my friends call him monkeyboy.
Personally I like to woo hoo!
of course... go with the one who loves me....
I am in my late 20's with no kids.
no, If you break up it will be a mess .
It sounds corny, but girls love it and it's a whole lot of fun.
wtf do you think you're gonna do if you get pregnant before you even reach high school?
!other than being controlled by someone.
My advice to you...stop sleeping with him and move on.
Much less being married or having kids with one?
You can't help who you fall in love with, can you???
maybe you should learn to spell woman
I say hey sometimes or just let him stare.But is he just too young to understand how I feel?
do try to start out by saying you like him.
show him why he should like you , then let him ask you out.
You were wrong and I hope you go to jail.
They can pick up on that stuff.
She may be hurt, but she'll respect you enough if you tell her (at least I would think so!)
no, you shouldn't do that unless you actually go onto the site.
probably He's afraid that you might say no.
It's different and OH MY GOD!!!!
If usually they are fat and there's a size 5-6 , then they get mad.
Hope you figure out what he is up to.
Something like What the hell are you thinking?
I don't know, maybe you should go ask your mom that question?
umm no friends have their opinoins but you do have to take them.
he will kiss you if you give him the chance, or you might have to kiss him first
trying to meet them there and be late.
That's what a big man would do
Dang, dude, you are WAY too young!
**WHATEVER YOU DO . DON'T PURSUE HIM!!
see I love my boyfriend very much.
say no,,, friendship means so much than sex , dude
Sue the pants right off of both.
i want to sleep with this guy I have been seeing for 1 month, He is so hot.
trying match.com . You can always have a profile on many of them to increase your chances
i would much rather be with a person who is complete , than look for me to complete them!
Okay , just give me your essay add.. I will tell you about her.. ot email me at confusedmemore@yahoo.com
your next door neighbor only if she is over 22, unmarried.
i'm talking about researching about apartments, good jobs, and a nearby school, etc.
THE DAMAGE HAS BEEN DONE, AND APOLOGIZING WON'T HELP HER SITUATION.
Yes you should get it . I got mine today.
Just don't lie, what ever you do.
When we first got together , she tried to get him back , but it did work
she needs someone to lean on not kiss on.
i think I may know you.
- if he 'hates' you then why would you want him to like you anyways?
I act too much like one of the guys, joking or whatever, and I'm just not girlfriend material.
Eventually she'll see that you really do care about her and she'll come around!
Or just leave things the way they are and call it good.
boys- How long do you want a gurl to wait to say she loves you?would you say it first?
Either that or his pretty blue eyes *wink*
trying to chat with her on the topic herself
All you have to do is be cool and trie not to studder or something like that
Then maybe you should breakup with her and get with me
tell me about yourself if you are looking for a friend
Look in the phone book of Norwalk, for Ernie Anguino .
just think if somebody touches your wife you would like.
after 8 years... what is his problem?
Then maybe you should breakup with her and get with me
Look in the phone book of Norwalk, for Ernie Anguino .
just think if somebody touches your wife you would like.
after 8 years... what is his problem?
Good luck, it's not easy, I know.
I really think you guys need to get in to family therapy right away!
don't keep bugging her - girls hate it so much!
trying to understand that unless you do a stupid thing , they won't laugh at you.
How can I overcome these friends!!
<33 If you feel this way , then maybe ur fallin in love
Some guys just don't know HOW LUCKY THEY HAVE IT !!
be a gentalmen all girl'ssssss love that.
because it sounds like either a trap, or the beginning of a fight.
yes, but they're extremely hard to find.
If it seems that she is doing something snicky that probably means she is with him.
Oh I would really love to be your friend!
Please, I really like this guy, help me!
its his job to make your life hell.
good things come to thows who wait...besides he is probably waiting for a special moment
if you do make sure you keep reciepts of the stuff which is yours!
Go somewhere you'd have fun anyways.
And laugh and see what he says.
waiting for something miraculous to happen isnt going to make it better.
you should tell her that he was pissin u off.
If he's not ready . He's not ready.
If you love him more than who cares if he's purple.
you are so right about the God thing
My BROTHER IS OLDER BUT HE STAYS FOR HIS GAMES
no I urinate when I urinate.
Ya get the car back , so your not totally finanicaly ruined.
Yes I do and I am one of them .
Why do people think that other people will make them whole.
IT'LL BE MORE LIKE POORING SALT OVER an OPEN WOUND.
or are you just doing it for the heck of it?
take me with me and 'll have it with you .
i too have found that many people don't believe in true love.
), play catch in the park, etc.
Even if she argues back...just stick to your first response
You shouldn't have a hard time getting somebody else if you are doing something like that.
but if things don't get too well, don't worry.
looking both ways and then look up.
i dunno, do they have it there or are you inviting?
10 . Am I young for my first kiss?
He may be too afraid to try!
If I was your wife (thank God im not) I would leave you!!!!
There maybe an underlieing problem.
Its like trying to make a herion addict stop shooting up.
he has been talking to his ex - wife a lot and I do know what is up with him.
because coyness is sometimes appealing, and talk sometimes unnecessary, for both men and women
Oh, and if you can remember anniverseries, birthdays, etc.
If not, then kick both of them to the curb.
swift kick , you know where, or just flat out embarress him
because he's weird and he can't control his impulses
She wont ever cheat on anyone again.
wait until the answering machine clicks to hang up?
But Don't Be COMPLETELY Slutty (No Offense)!
even if he looks at girlie mags or watches porn.
gET AS MUCH FOR YOUR MONEY THAT YOU CAN AND GOOOO FOR IT.
You have the rest of your life...whatever you do, don't sneak behind your mom's back.
EVERYONE do it and if they say they don't, then they lie.
a guy that I dating once told me this, What does he mean?
show to him that you like another guy !
Most men ask her something they want , like a relationship and some lie to get what they want.
Find at least 10 girls you'd be interested in.
flirt for a while, then ask him out
His or her mother did not do what he or she did.
DON'T FORGET HE IS YOUR FRIEND'S BOYFRIEND.
The only reason for a guy to become best friends with a girl, is because he likes her.
Meanwhile , go out and have fun.
if too many , then spare him.
IN ORDER TO French KISS SOMEONE , YOU HAVE TO USE your TONGUE.
follow her and tell her how she feel...
Don't wait.....what if he goes with someone else!
you should wait a while , then sit down and talk about it.
IF you GET your BUTT OFF THE COMPUTER AND TRY to FIND someone you MIGHT!
I'm attractive and fun but I just can't seem to get a guy.
thats nasty but just say it over
Myself, I'd rather my girlfriends did *not* think my guy was the cutest one out there.
if they really want me , they need to prove themselves worthy.
4get him gurl . I mean there 's tons of guy's out there!
you should move on , but still keep you out(u nevr kno).
Is it a guy or girl?
i think it is till you get matured on the stuff
don't neglect yourself because you are married.
If that doesn't work, something's definitely wrong.
maybe because they think they are too good for anyone!
id think , just sitting on his lap and making him laugh and making him think about sex
we`re not in the middle ages, the guy doesn`t have to make the first move!
I I I really REALLY wish I could have waited until marriage actually.
Guys love being told they are liked.
my husband when he gets home from work
maybe you should try to keep all three people in mind.
forget his age, imagine him as the best..
Good luck Sweety, Tina, Houston, Texas
who will let me stick my tongue down their throats.
She is carrying a lot of baggage you ain't gonna get on the train.
If your scared, you shouldn't be having sex in the first place...
Stick to your guns and best of luck!
You know what I'm talkin' about.
thats OK 'll take the 2 points and run
and always get us a gushy card and a gift that's great, too.
At least that's what it seems like.
i find it difficult to confess.
Well...if you love him, and he loves you.
There's this guy I like a lot and I just found out that he knows.
Try German Daisies . They came in just about every color and size you could ever want.
I don't care what these other people said.
he slept with 2 of my friends, and is not a resposible guy.
u do have to make a choice right now.
It just ain't going to happen.
YOU WENT THROUGH SUCH EXTREMEs TO GET THIS WOMAN BACK THAT YOU HURT INNOCENT PEOPLE.
Needless to say, I had VERY happy feet!
Do you know what I say .
To me , skinner girls are hotter.
One One One One One One One My My favourite EXPERIENCES IS TURNING MY LIFE OVER TO Jesus Christ That WAS THE BEST EXPERIENCES
If she is a nice & carring person isn't that enough!
I'm not doing kids wrong.
i learned after 20 years that they were both no good.
so go ahead and do the rite thing!say sorry to her!!!
because it teaches guys how to get laid for less money .
i dunno if he has those feelings for me.
See if he wants to watch a movie together that you know he'd like.
and you see for urself what can love do!
It got to the point that to me , men were like tissue: soft, cuddley and disposible!
Maybe be she is not a lesbain after all...
No offense, but Jupiter is saying that because he's a guy.
If you both are deep in love and you are old enough, there is no harm in going ahead
be confident men... just do it....all the best
Why do so many men treat women like garbage?
Just hang in there, it'll get better!
if she haven't said it , first ask her if she loves you and go from there.
If she's an outdoors person, go to the beach (take a walk, build a sand castle, etc.
i think the fact that you called him means that you want to see him.
Did Honey wanna f@(k not work?
You would be better taking sugar pills and think in your head it is getting bigger.
soul mate = 1.. true love = maybe 2..just having fun lovers = as many as you will have you.
I wouldn't want them gunning for him.
We just play dumb , so we get what we want.
you not the one to marry her, is your family holyer than his?
I have a friend whose dad just died.
Don't walk, but run from him.
blow him once and a while he will like that .
i reading the fountainhead before I was thirteen years old .
<insert women opening up to their husbands joke here>
after a while, it'll get easier.
He probably n't expecting to meet someone that way!
But some women are just like that , SO Good luck!
WOW that a weird question came out of a girls mouth.
'm just saying you could one day just walk out da door and find da girl of your dreams.
Now..........I have to go to have my shoulder blades worked on.......we'll talk soon.
Y 21, TRY A slightly OLDER ONE...SAY AROUND 26....THEY LAST LONGER AND THEY KNOW WHAT they are DOING
clitoris , but before the nipples :p and before that, lips and neck, behind the ears...
I just do this to get those stupid points.
everyone seem to think that I am the naive one, but I know I'm not.
make a new friend and wait ten years
is not good for you , and can tear you apart.
If you care for him , stay with him!
i know guys who are friends with girls they are attracted to.
my I like my best(guy) friend&my other best friend thinks he likes me.
if he is all those things then I would go as far as he wants to go with me.
If you care for him , stay with him!
i know guys who are friends with girls they are attracted to.
my I like my best(guy) friend&my other best friend thinks he likes me.
if he is all those things then I would go as far as he wants to go with me.
Be yourself, you are awesome enough, don't put on a show.....Don't do anything I wouldn't do.....lol
What Kaitlyn said . I 'm Sorry I 'm no help . Its my job to disappoint people .
Then hey, I wish all my exs were like you
seriously You can just sit there and everything will be okay.
Any advice .. Should I ask him what he feels really towards her and what does he feel towards me?
no I think it is not possible.
The way I see it, is if they do want to be with me , then leave.
im in love and 'm not sure to ask her on a date
I mean , really , if we had a perfect person, they would be fun.
Suprise him and kiss him first.
and dating only gets better with age.
All I know is boredom is caused by too much want(input) and no output at all...
Simple as it is reading a love story . b4 u go to bed!
It It It impossible to blow if it is not hard .
I love this girl who just wants to be friends now.
there has to be some plus to being married.
Unless you are a glutton for punishment , then go ahead!
Just wondering, lots of wolves out there.
quietly and plz shut the door when you leave ...........
There are a lot of single women out there that don't want to commit.
Wish my man would do some of this!
there's no way that you could do that.
If you do like me , I ca help it . I like myself very much .
Whenever I see a girl I think of flirting with her.
Yes , but in reality it is probably lust at first sight :)
A hug will make her want more!
buy her flowers take her to the movies.
haaaaaaahahahahahahaha I bet I know what YOU'RE doing right now....
if you love him , then I think you should but you should follow your heart
us men have to be trained to be able to do anything
I met my husband 8 years ago, and have been married for almost 6
And you'd know it for sure.
I know they work...and no I did not lie.
YES YES YES Dont kiss anyone till ur 15yrs.
she just want's this guy to like her.
So, here is how it went.
you do know what a vibrator is!!
I tell her she is not.
no it means you are pretty open to such things.
I'm comfortable with that, but I can't get him out of my mind like that.
no, it will alter the way he thinks about you
cheating is not the right word.
asking them if they are interested in e-mailing you then give them your e-mail address along with your question .
Lot of people say the boy is young and immature.
i agree with Dee, if a cheater gets married he is a rotten twofaced dink wad!
and I can assure you she'll say it back!
personally have no use for drugs and a friend who peddles crap is no true friend .
yeah what do you lose unless you are a hooker
Anyways, I know you probably love that person very much, so don't forget him and leave.
You definitely look like more of a lil ***** by not GETTING OVER IT!
I really want to talk to him , but I'm really shy and just can't do it!
it throws them off gaurd and guys like to be ontop of things and in control.
i looking into her eyes and say , would you like to go half on a kid
if he does not , then work with him to show him where he went wrong.
wait for her to give you it
Hi,I would not depend on your spouce putting you first !
), and don't look around (you're with this guy, no one else in the room!).
You might just have an awsome bod.
he is silly... get him back..
Everything was good , but he cheated on me.
if it feels like it is time to break up, talk it over and make it happen now.
He just thinks he wants that skinny little French girl.
Sex isn't for singles , it is for Married people.
It hurt's people sure , but that's OK.
But would you tell your ex something like that put yourself in her position.
Not All guys are complete jerks.
do feel so bad we all have our issues.
E-mail me back and tell me how it goes
Well do ask him out just
So though ur hurt, love is still the simplest reason y you find yourself happy.
regretful and dissatisfied...u know how unexperienced guys are..sloppy!!
girls- when will you tell him you love him?
Does this guy hang around you and if he does,does he act different around you than others ?
God has someone who is best for you.. Just wait!
i love him . It is a boy
I DJ in clubs and other places, and the ladies room is the best place for gossip!
he's really cute . He's been really good to me
I want to be married by Elvis!
Some just wanna have a fling.
Now that we all know, and we approve *wink*, go tell her!
i am 13 and I told a guy that I liked him through email.
Thats tough . Do you know why they are talking so much lately ?
Wait until ur married but I prefer 17.
Life short to loose the one you really think is for you
just tell them, it is easier that way.
Curious... Why ask the question at all?
u will someday find out it is unexplainable
a simple charming kiss with a red rose
show them, help them, and stuff.
see where it goes from there
because it is more fun to have options, maybe.
That sucks, courts can be so messed up, hope you find a nice girl who wo try anything bad.
In any case, the don't's are: don't get drunk (nurse one or two), don't talk about exes(!
Maybe He doesn't like NASTY stuff.
Listen to what she has to say (and I don't mean hear, I mean to really LISTEN.)
Does that mean I am bi?
making a pro & con list for each man.
no, You shouldn't cheat if you are having a good relationship.
Give it to her , then treat her like the slut she is.
calling from my cell and telling her to get tickets.
Because the first time you really don't know what you are doing
ok Why would you want to enlarge it.
Try this :-) Look up on google what various flowers mean.
My boyfriend is obsessed with me.
I love her... Well I'm 17 , so she is my age , but it is an unachievable dream.
There there There is someone out there better for her.
TRY ME, I MEAN TRY IT .
do just treat it as a bargain, make her think you into it too.
just b urself and have a good time!
If you like him too, date him again.
sure...u just have 2 know where 2 search...!
Will she ever get over it?
because we do want to feel rejected by the person we like or think we like
you just aint doing it right.
Well, aparentally it is different from everyone, Are you sure HE is the one
MR RIGHT and MR HONEST and no cheating on them .
do this for her and then you'll be able to ask for something you want.
What school do you go to?
It sure is a lot easier on me, but it is kinda hard on women
you doing it right there on the spot .
if you have a good personality , then you will get a girl.
There there There are millions of women out there like that.
i prefer guys with short hair . It better
M It was EASY TO GET IN, BUT made IT really HARD TO GET OUT.
swinging, Cuckold refers to a husband who gets sexually aroused when seeing his wife with another man.
Well as a chick . I 'm hoping you have to outright eg.
!im single and 'm having the time of my life!
always asking if it is OK.
Maybe a makeover is just what she needs.
You know, the one person you want to spend the rest of your life with?
but he was in the air force, so that didn't work out.
But to me like I say I'm not fat.
eventually you see the 'girl' in the girl.
We still talk and e-mail once in a while.
are there honest, attractive, available women out there?
Or is it true once a cheater is always a cheat?
give more details if you want a real answer .
and If you really like her , bring a tocken of your affection.
buying her flowers or something that she likes that will get her attention.
What if he likes me but only as just a friend?
well , if I break up w/ someone I would want them to wait at least a week or so...
do go with her keep away......
If she wants someone else other than you, tell her to try it, Why not?
If the girl loves the guy, then tell him so.
works for me with men that are just friends.
If you ca deal with that, then leave her.
If you know he cheated not once, but at least twice , there is no way he'll suddenly reform.
no really , only you know this is real .
postion to do if you really wanna hit the g-spot..
I like guys with like three feet of hair.
HOWEVER... there are some really great guys out there.
keep the faith that others are out there and when in doubt , just look in the mirror and smile.
If I getting married for the first time???
first you have to get to know the person you are going out with.
I know it is hard to resist, but one day you wo even think about your friend .
you can't it's in our nature to have a wondering eye
But for me, I like an honest man.
or does he need to get his s**t together?
Move on dude, she's a playa'
some are not most . I can not agree with you .
your choice . I'd say yes if he was a hot guy .
men and women are different in thinking and feeling.sss
he like u hez a stalker or he haz starin probz!
IF YOU ARE A TRUE FRIEND , YOU WILL FORGET ABOUT THAT ONE GUY.
do they like to be babied?
that info is everywhere...even on your computer , just type in sex education or something
I do like to be ugly friends but you have just lost your mind?!?!?
answer me if you want to become my friend?
i could most definitely be wrong about both and I most likely am.
I'm one, and I know lots more!
I know your not trying to seduce , but you get the picture.
dude No man just do what you do . Ya only get life once email at shadepearson@yahoo.com
then you dust yourself off and then you meet someone else and she breaks your heart.
if he knows.... ...doesnt have a girlfriend ...and ur 2 shy.....?
ALL guys say they'll never cheat.
i had a relationship with an Aboy recently
Well I think you should ask him?
so if he's smart , then no, he won't.
: If you can't get a moan, use something that will.
Me I look for a guy that is confident but not cocky.
Be honest, be yourself, say it like it is, guys will dig you more.
Good luck and let me know...
Save urself money & hurt, get a parrot.
let someone else do it for you .
If you really like this guy , then go up to him and talk.
well....if you start now and plan for your and your baby's future, then you will be set.
Especially when I could beat them in dodge ball!
What are the signs and what should I be worried about?
whatever, so what if they are playing.
See, two can play that game!
maybe you should ask your mom!!
If you use a telliphone , then its kinda stalkery.
If things get frisky from there on out........you are in!
playing with emotions doesnt make a man cool, but makes him down
He He He He him His he he said that he was fat and ugly . . . The Andpenis is huge like mine,babe
It ROCK MY FREEKIN SOCKS OFF!
And let me tell you it wo never go completely away.
If you're really good friends , don't go there girl.
preferably long, no longer than shoulder length though
I really love my baby's father and I want to get back together with him.
u will know which gal to choose when the time is right.
leave things the way they are not too close , not too far . but all fan out in the end .
no matter what , though it's all about the proposal.
if not, then next time date someone else.
At times it is but never doubt until you catch the other person then you will know.
It is definitely NOT just men :o)
DiiNER HEY B-BALL SOMETHING . I THOUGHT you WERE 6 AND you ALREADY HAVE A girlfriend
Once a cheater, always a cheater.
Sex is a very serious thing and you should definitely wait.
If it bothering her to STOP!
I haven't cheated on any of my g/f's.
Not All guys cheat on their g/f's.
man just go ahead and tell her trust me . I recently had to do this!
INSTEAD OF WASTING your TIME ASKING RETARTED QUESTIONS!!!!!
It sucks for a shy person, I know, but you will be so glad you did!
who would want someone who is mean to them?
'm not kidding when my wife cleans house and then says she loves me . I want to nail her.
And Most girls will stab you in the back for a guy.
just by wondering what some people feel guilty about
5 years is more than enough time.
that way , it's just long enough to pull and it hurt.
i having sex when I am having sex
Your money sure won't buy you a golden ticket then.
first do not go down to his level.
I am not gay and it bothers me that they think I am!
Boys just wanna be ha ard, Ohhhhh boys just wanna be hard.
Who wants to date a wuss?
YOU CAN'T MARRY YOUR DOG EITHER, Are YOU MAD ABOUT THAT TOO?
Boys like to play games in order to get girls to like them.
Listen in on a group of men talking.
Trust in what you have..........you know and she knows.
But Most men have it in check.
Yeah you probably shouldn't feel like that.
If you like both, you're just bisexual.
maybe you should talk to him first when you are around people
so all in all , they can be very hot many different ways.
If you haven't walked away yet, walk away RIGHT NOW!!!
Because Women or Girls always want guys to want it 24/7.
Some really can't find contentment and a lot have commitment issues :-)
THIS IS GOOD THAT HE WAS OPEN ENOUGH TO TELL YOU.
they would always lie to me about my spouse and it caused a lot of problems.
I AM 30/W/F, I WANT TO MEET SOMEONE PERHAPS THROUGH THE INTERNET, BUT EVERYWHERE I LOOK , THEY WANT MONEY,MONEY,MONEY.
i would suggest you stay away from these types of guys , especially if you are decent and have morals.
to soon.dont ruin someone else 's life, even if you do care about your own
if you are a guy, go to mensfacts.com lots of sexlife info
i would but you live too far away .
thats like asking out the new kid that doesnt even know one name.
Hopefuly,u'll be ready for her;When you do.
if you want to see him more, tell him.
Look . Sometimes girls say that to see what you are going to say.
AND ... for the idiots who think that ALL women over 30 sag, droop, etc.
Where DOES HE PUT HIS PENIS, IN THE HARD DRIVE??????
um glad you 2 werked it out!
But he could not do the same.
why not before it is done?
And don't get all fired up and yell when the child does stuff like burping.
keep her around but don't lie to her.
im confused, I do know if it is because she was my 1st love.
I actually prefer bald men lol
and then when you dun , then go and liv w/ him!
k, well, ummm, you sound um, seriously seriously um, immature and hot on yourself!
Now , Why in the world would you want to rattle with that mess.
thats why they love older women dear.
i saw her for one night, and I got to give her my name and phone number.
2) What are you looking for in a woman?
Why would you even want to?
Why do guy's be like that?
then you'll know the answer to your own question.
Maybe She was just scared that she might get pregnant or something Have you ever thought of
it teaches women how the average man thinks.
it'll make you feel better : )
yes , most probably when there is no attrecttion for you
How do you know he is that shy?
Hey, I was going to ask the same exact question!
*sigh* That's the part of love that is so hard.
Your husband,u can always marry a star.
i am interested in an Indian of almost dark colour
i'm wondering if she cheated on you or if it was you who cheated on her.
Is very.. how do I say this... geeky?
Damn Where is your self- respect?
Sorry... No you cannot be friends and still have a good conscience.
I AM CUTE,PETITE AND LOVABLE, EVEN A LITTLE OLD FASHION!
But then I remembered one thing that my father had told me.
I could have become sexier because I would be jealous of myself.
they had a baby together but they did n't like that when I first met him .
Plus, men are idiots (no offense)
ask him or just ignore him .
And you would do anything for that person.
Since you're a guy, there really isn't any too ugly.
just tell her like you told us.
wait until a couple years after your married
no no and no and no
There's improv theater that's like omfg , so funny.
My best friend just found out that another one of our really good friends has developed feelings for her.
it all depends on how much they have matured.
Ask her why she doesnt want you to dating.
well if you are active, then just be less active.
as long as she n't smacks you
Do not go back with him.
look and ask if this is the right one and if he or she is , then go for it.
she would definitely like to talk about herself.
just ask him and if he doesn't answer , keep bugging him until he does.
girls like that are hard to come by.
Ask him ask him , ask him ask him!
SO WHAT is GOOD ABOUT THE RELATIONSHIP?
Not long like girl's hair
it depends on what you like and how old you are!
e-mail me ur pic at Rubyheartsjimmy@yahoo.com
or we just want to get along .
WHAT DO I DO . He SAID HE did CHEAT BUT I did believe IT!
But maybe one time when you guys are talking and Jokin around, tell him, imagine if we went out?
Yes you can but you don't have a girlfriend and I don't have a boyfriend.
Don't strive for someone that seems better than you, they probably aren't.
well...do you like this Josh guy enough to sit around and wait for him to do something?
(chopper)sometimes He would be out there all day and night and not even say anything to me!
Why DO GUYS HAVE TO ACT SO PRIMATIVE?!?
where you don't make a fool of yourself and you both had fun!
ask your friend what kind of boy she/he likes.
becuase he may not feel comfortable
also, guys usually get defensive when they have something to hide.
If he says no and goes soft - bingo.
on a break up , someone always gets hurt.
id like to know that myself.
If you like him, then go talk to him.
been married twice, just be careful.
First off , age ain't no number.
Don't feel bad and just get you a REAL man.
in a jokin yet serious way(if that possible).
then you can say to him now that we have helped to educate you.
(IN NO WAY AM I JUSTIFYING CHEATING.
Can guys seriously not tell the difference between just being plain nice and flirting?
say what BOYS want, but I guess you werent asking what MEN want.
have fun and forget about him and you gave me an answer about Blodnes and I'm a brunette!!
Take notes if you have to!
THAT'S IT JUST A GOOD LOVER IN THE BEDROOM.
i agree with that oenanswer if you consider those chicks go wait a very long time .
The Boys want a soemone that looks good, is very nice and caring and is not really shy.
Love her and , most importantly - FEEL PROUD OF YOURSELF!
means heat and when you have sex , you get heated up
well it all depends on what type of vibrator you have!
Say, Listen, bitch... if I ca have you alone , I'll have you both.
the first girl I fell for refused me & from then my condition has been like this.
there are NO awkward sex questions...
do get me wrong, its definitely not easy , but that doesnt mean it is a bad thing.
You CAN GIVE HIM AN ULTIMATUM, YOU OR HIS MA,IF CHOOSES HIS MA , YOU ARE WELL RID OF HIM.
You can't tell him/her, that would be messed up, because you are his/her friend.
2) your enganged to marrying a man who had the same baggage.
they are not even men when they don't do that.
do do something like get drunk, that def.
Even People in the 90s can find true love!
i in Joshua, based in Nigeria.
Then burned them (never send him your letters!
Boys will screw with your r head and lie..
Once she looks fab, goes out somewhere fun, but not forcefully
i divorced him because of these reasons.
That's soooo not true for everyone
or is she messing with my head..?
I don't believe that there is just one person out there for you.
No stay with him forever and ever
so blame it on most of the fathers, not all of them, just most!
i guess you physically look good and also you good at in bed
thats not a problem.. just wait for the right one to come.. They are just around!!
That is, since you don't want any romantic ideas that lead to bed ;)
I hate knowing what you're going to say next.
Girls: I want him to hint it but then I would go and tell him.
because they are afraid that it will scare the guy.
Do not let him get to you!
if you are life long buddies , then you need to go out soon.
chatting with friends and how to enter a chat room
Don't grab, but otherwise, it's not really a big deal.
put some soap, vingar, or nail polish remover on your thumb.
so that is just my opinion and othas mite add to it.
maybe not soon after they cheated , but some time down the road.
you got to act it out though.
They were only getting married b/c she was pregnant.
he sounds like a jerk, You are a lot more important than a bunch of friends.
So, I say, fresh start, new day.
If you love him or feel a connection , then don't break up with him.
also, it confims that you are proud and happy to be with the one you are with.
Girls do tell you, just not in words.
i think that you should date someone older than you cuz people talk .
I mean , why go back to the crap?
If it's something you like , who cares WHY?
Unless it's what you both want.
'm completely in love with a girl and its not right I want out . I need advice.
ask him the question, In some situations it is not good to sleep with someone right off the bat.
i know you do want to hear this, but you are too young.
don't give him a hint, either.
There have been so many times in my life that have left me saying WOW 'm glad I 'm alive.
Open her eyes to what shes doing and how shes thinking.
you saying him is friend , so duh!!
REALLY SHORT HAIR BECAUSE IT FEELS SO GOOD WHEN YOU RUB your HAND OVER IT
You want women to buy YOU dinner and then you don't want anything sexual to occur?
What if they start dating and he finds out abouthim.
What is he/she looking for?
just do it like nike says.
(i do n't know what it means but someone else used it above me) wait about 10 years .
And look real interested when she is talking.
Do not to forget that you have a kid.
Depends on how hard you work to get your crush to accept you
My friends are always all like Just going to talk to him, all you have to do is say hi!
well, you might want to rephrase your question
Most girls do just worry about your looks but your personality.
just let time work it out.
Tell him exactly what you want.
Have you ask a girl to lay you?
over him but life goes on and so will you.
sometimes, It is the only action I get.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
* move on *never follow or stalk him because then he'll think you're phsyco.
Although, We never forget our first loves!
or he is waiting for the right time.
depends on how old you are....?
just ask God He's not greedy . He'll give it to you when the right one comes.
Third , don't pay attention to his crusing and just move on with your life.
Next time , ask her for hers!
yes if you come to me
Try making LOVE to her, instead of just having sex.
no matter where you are or what you're doing, if she loves you, she won't care.
in a way that you would not hurt someone....
me I n't kiss on the first date.
just look at Donald trump and his beautiful wife.
DEAL WITH SCHOOL FIRST AND THEN THE OTHER STUFF LATER.
wait like 2 more dates , then if he wants to make the 1 move , you do it . k .
its call by maintaining your options open.
let me go when I want to....
theres a lot better out there for you.
After reading the addtitonal details, it seems like you guys just want different things from life.
Just one guy's opinion here in the Windy City!
some Then have someone else give it 2 him 4 you.
If asking her out feels kinda awkward is because it is!
She thinks that she really likes this guy and , WHAM, she gets another crush.
treasure and be faithful to her, She deserved to be treated like a lady!
18 is fine for girls......21 for Guys.
Why people fall in love.
other wise , it will just get worse.
tell her how you feel if you like how your relationship is working out.
No way it too soon, unless it was love at first sight!!!
Why wouldn't you get attached to some good sex??
After that, do some of your OWN flirting.
make it in a way that both of you would not hurt someone.
Because most women want a man of looks!
But trust me , there are good looking guys that will treat you good.
Life's a b---h then you die.
have a new home,nice job, new house
Don't worry about what people think about you... be yourself
yes, many times , that's the reason why people get together as in bf/gf
lmao with the answers :) lol
I'm sorry if I come off a bit rude , but I'm not trying to.
I think that you are a sick headed man!!!
no It is much more romantic when she knows who you 're
girlfriends come and go,,,have fun while you can...
fall in love , then you will know.
Try it out if she is still acting bad . Try to set it down a little
look in the phone book PLEASE.
the thrill , glad girls have never had that thrill .
please explain (and YES, they DO have..feelings LOL)
Don't try to hook up with somebody on the internet!
Mirrors, music system, soft fabrics, candles, shades, GET RID OF THE TV!
I feel it just yuck if I don't.
Never trust a woman in a freaken BAR!
love will make it through everything.
get back together with her and then cheat on her.
I am 17 and I have been liking this guy for awhile now.
Well, everyone has different tastes in people... You like big butts, and you cannot lie.....
I mean that really, special friend who listens intently.
Otherwise - Love & Use, full steam ahead.
Heels are up to you , but try Zappos.com
But I still think it may be a little jump
well I can think of a few ways !
and asking an elderly person from her family to advise her.
plus why a 15yo like a guy 20ysolder older than him.
Girl ...don't get married to catch nobody ...BIG MISTAKE!
u n't have 2 sex or even consider it as a date.
if he's OK with that, then give the invitation.
No matter what many you chose to take the plundge, be up front and honest.
i thank you any latina can be sexy . How old of a male you are looking for lol.........Richard
that would probably be the best way to handle it.
that's how women deal with it.
The only thing was that he was cheatin on me and still coming back to me.
I was good friends with her sister.
if you are not happy, then you should end it.
I'd be afraid to be with a gay guy for that reason.
first off , you should only go as far as you are comfortable with.
How can a loser ever win?
1WHY WOULD YOUR SISTER TRY TO HAVE SEX WITH YOU IN THE FIRST PLACE.
hope all works out for you!
Uber_wise_James Hit the Nail on the Head...
I feel really sorry for you.
Maybe We are just too picky.
i want to know how to impress boyz
bottem line, All that matters is if the two of you are on the same page about the relationship.
its more personal...just see how these next few weeks go.
Sign up for some classes or courses (like art, music etc).
I still think he likes me.
Only if you're wife/church tells you it is, and if they are.. run , run , run away from them.
which is a boy, which is a girl?
I thought I was going to spend forever with someone and that didn't happen.
And I can find enough about myself to like that I don't need a man.
write her note or get her email if she has it and send her your ?
Because boys are silly old chums who always want want they cannot recieve.
buy some velour or velvet and drape the ceiling over the spa or bed
I THINK BECAUSE THEY DON'T TAKE RISK IN LIFE AND BAD BOYS ALWAYS DO.
I guess the cat's out of the bag now!
just remember you can't always get what you want.
he won't get that promotion to buy women 's things later.
maybe you need to confront him and see what is going on?
I do not know if you like to change people may
Sounds like you thinking of killin the guy?
No it not unless you let them know.
is your first name pronounced win?
but, just remember if he isnt undestanding about it, it could hurt you in the end... all the best!!!
he like you all the way.
It was fun acting like kids together.
But I have a fondness for my awesome legs!
If she does, and she stays even though she's unhappy, it's her own fault imo.
joey p_p said it well: read and research this.
BLIND DATE, hmmm.... go out with him, but please!!!
You can always hustle candy at school or you can also try to become a prositute
I used TO WEAR MY WEDDING BAND , THEN ENGAGEMENT RING.
when you both feel like it
i don't like the idea of him doing that but I couldn't change it.
Yah, I know, you do want a rite.
You just can not kiss up to his every need.
if she has a problem feeling sexy, leave her and find a decent woman.
the It depends on the kind of girl you want.
Hope you dream of that special someone.
i'd rather find them in real life.
of Coarse that is the best way to find someone for you
she is too young I would be looking for this girl 's mother and turning him in
Maybe you should talk to the girl and tell her that
plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz answer me baq thank you very much
phaze, but I am still leary to no end.
Makeup your mind, if you think you are mature enough to handle such things.
You should even think about doing this and if you do something so freakin' STUPID!
I do know what to do Help:(
Then stuff him into a 55 Gallon drum.
Keep her satisfied and you won't have to worry about it.
and things like this are better than
arrange one week of surprises for her.
Like I said, don't think bad, think good.
but, you could have added a little bit more info.
Be with friends (but do not discuss it).
The ONLY WAY YOU CAN DO THIS IS 1) DON'T MAKE A COMMITTMENT UNTIL AFTER YOUR DECISION.
I can't tell you to wait because that would be unfair.
!..give her a hug and listen to her and be nice!...good luck!
You can love anyone you want...but that doesn't mean they're going to love you back.
And He is like 6 years older than her!
Just doing little things to let her know that you care
My mom is really conservative, but I love hickies.
but should I make the first move and kiss him or wait until he kisses me?
Fortunatley I lived in only 5 mins.
it makes everything worth it...its all there really is in the end .
I Now that, All women are EVIL!
was I wrong to break it off because he lied to me about smoking weed?
I HAVE A SAYING IN Spanish (PERRO QUE LADRA NO MUERDE) DOG THAT BARKS a lot BITE!
or just sling compliments his way, and appeals to his ego) Good luck .
that love--something that'll last forever, even when you get wrinkly, even when you add some weight!
plus some guys are scared of commitment and do want to go further in the relationship cuz they are scared.
So u want to break up his lie about smoking weed.
Its not like you can help it, it is just the way you are.
Love doesn't cheat, it's a load of crap!
Your best bet is not that it is usually a good way to lose a good friend.
the best thing I have ever done is ride the dick!!!!!!!!!
Relationships don't have to be so hard.
my my first year 2 daily , 2nd year one - time daily , 3rd year twice a week till 10 years .
3 months is just not enough time to know someone
btw~ I am not fat~ I am small and petite.
if you're handsome , most girls in that range like older men.
lot of gals get horny during their periods.
i do like math too , but that doesnt make me less of a person.
u r not going to lose anything.
at First , My mom didn't even know he was there.
Most people have no idea why they love the person they are with, they just do.
nobodey lives in Florida It's empty
you ca write man what the hell is you are saying
let it be done to you that you have a better life ahead of you and you have know your past
public WALK BY LAKE, PARK ETC .
oh my gosh I should be so honored, I never thought you would ask.
But remember to be safe.... get condoms
you say best friend with soulmate , etc etc.
>>However, if she's pregnant, I'm not sure...
the Girls are beautiful but are they trustworthy.
You want someone to agree with what you already know~ THIS IS WRONG!
'Cause you are interested in that 51 year old married man
and I don't think one certain hair length should be turned on or off.
So yeah, don't give hints about it, just ask and you will have a MUCH better chance.
There's no mistaking it for anything!
It is scary to think about, I completely agree with you!
and btw, she can only see him if her parents let her, They do go to the same school.
Not wrong if you're a dude.
ask her out just like what she's been doing, as if she had never heard of anything.
If he loves you that much you he will wait!
check the chic and be yourself.
taking Gf to the mall, take her into Victoria's secret.
but he didnt even pay att.
no I so do think that is wrong . its normal .
what type of girl r you ask cuz there will be different answers.... lol for me.
one line of advice is WIVES SUBMIT TO their HUSBANDS, HUSBANDS SUBMIT TO their WIVES.
see She's in my basketball team and I think she's pretty hot, I like her personality , just about everything.
well I would say LEAVE HIM!!
I don't personally think it matters.
Go to go and or stop hanging out with people who drink.
Like Beyonce' says crazy in love.
When she found out I was already pregnant so she couldn't exactly kick him out.
Change the locks and tell him to go back home to his mama.
It depends on the guy, I think.
Look your adults, Act like it!
you should just find another guy that likes you likes you!
I regret turning down good guys for jerks, cuz in the end , I always lose.
wow you can actually hear these answers??
sometimes you only find out that you really loved someone, or do when it is over.
but when you are ready , that scary feeling wo be there anymore.
:)have great life . every one full of love and happiness
SO GO ON WITH YOUR BAD SELF AND FIND ONE .
Yes, as it's nice to be able to let rip!
Since we are just friends right now.
it's a crush... they outgrow it.
i do think you must be older than 16 years.
find a nice place and pack a lunch (simple) wine,fruit,chicken,sandwich,(make it fun)
I'll feel funny if I don't.
Maybe just ask casually, Hey, you wanna go grab some dinner together tomorrow night?
well It depends on how big he is.
There THERE There WILL BE OTHER GUYS AND a lot HARDER THINGS TO FACE than THIS.
The problem is , I do love myself.
But if it was me with no kids?
But if you are really unsure , get an honest friends ' opinion!
Can't wait to try it...whatever it is...I think...
it is better than having 1....
you going to have a BF . Trust me are old are you ?
What I used to do, as silly as it sounds.
Which is cool with me, but I never ask her about sex again.
you could if you wanted to there nothing rong with that
If life would not be the same without the person...
who`s Seth and what did seth do??
No one can tell you if you are wrong in pursuing her because everyone is not in your shoes .
It does get better and you're worth a good relationship!
1 If you 'm really looking for a serious relationship , then believe me one is enough.
It Sounds kind of weird, but it works.
Nobody will win if you stay with him .
I already feel like I could tell her anything.
JUST I WANT TO KNOW THE MEDICINE THAT ALL GUYS
rather with love and in French with translation .
talk with him a little, he might just be shy, or scared you would reject him.
but perhaps you have a complex ...
anything with nakedness is lust and , yes , its adultery . Do let others say its not called being deceived .
I still think about her...sometimes a lot.
then he called my name, Sugar ?
n let dat man b happy wit da gal he is wit.
But note that I said MOST girls & guys and not all.
I going to his basketball games w/my parents & they don't really like him.
Go to a park and ride a bike!
Some do......others find it more difficult.
but Yeah your statement is true .
i am not trying to be racial here.
do hiding it like you are ashamed.
I then e-mailed her and asked her to meet up for lunch, She agreed and we had lunch.
thers an old song called Love Hearts.
=D Well, good luck and hope this helps!!
He may still love you , but I think (especially if he is still young)that he wants to pursue other things.
My daughter......About 40 I think it would be nice.
JUST TAKE EVERYTHING ONE DAY AT A TIME.
My boyfriend , there would be no way I could live without him .
I mean , how do you know it's the right person?
then go get more... more .... more
enough with dinner and a movie.
If it is just that you are single and you're not finding anyone, just give it time.
You Are a sick, Perverted man.
Sorry, girl, but you're kidding yourself.
If you see the one , you will know it and your mack game will prevail!
I know that Bobby Bowden does
But if she does it to make you happy , then right on for her.
but if you both want someone else, why stay where you are?
TALK TO HIM AND SEE HOW HE REALLY FEELS AND THEN TELL HIM HOW YOU FEEL.
well..... they want someone trusting and loyal.
I like my long legs, abs and eyes.
When she's ready, she'll tell you.
I I I Russian women are honest . I 'm Russian but I still n't trust her .
Nobody could tell you who to like or who not to like!!!
hi, I am 9. I will click on the abuse report and tell you my email
you going to email him , he will not answer back.
but Is it worth it ? I would say yes in a heart beat.
you might fall head over heal in love , then start hating each other later.
But There are plenty of people out there.
You don't want to wake up some day and wonder what the hell was you were thinking.
Stop growing up and have fun like your a kid.
don't only listen to what the person says, listen also how the person speaks.
Hopefully some day I will find out
you need to pack away your extra baggage and concentrate on him and not your ex .
that would be me and me at footballman863@yahoo.com
How about a sunrise service in the park, the beach, or on a mountainside?
it have 2 b about love, or age.
Why don't women ask men on dates where is their confidence? is is is is is
You know something like the average jock...
If your good at English, your bad at math.
If you have a problem with it , don't marry her.
Don't let him do that to you!
when I like plenty of guys...but I do fantasize about being reamed by them.
i guess you should people from that place..
He went to work and said, you have to go home RIGHT now, I'm serious, RIGHT now!.
do like cuz she,s pretty.
Even being pregnant, it gets kinda worse.
Point Blank: Tell her you like her and ask her out.
If you wait until you get married you will not regret it.
hey If that guy loves you from true heart , then that girl should marry that guy...
eeww... I don't like hairy chest.
What's called (the clit sucker *****) Where can I find one?
The The main reason this is okay is that it is ONLY harmless flirting.
There is no wrong or right...do as you like, but watch out for clots, you nasty boy.
ask him what it means...just to be sure..
its so much fun dating @ this age.
You really can buy every thing at walmart!
what base you love
go on and do lose the chance to be close to them.so good luck 4 u.
Leave little notes all over the house telling her how much she loves her.
All your love is what you vowed
(this is coming from a curvy girl too!)
It that It is not fair at all . It seems he is just showing off.
If he's such a nice guy, why don't you give him a chance.
Be a man and tell her your feelings for her!
and 'm the one whos gonna get laid off in a couple months!
If she didn't love you , Why would she be with you?
i'm not, just wondering, my friend is...
i have one of those!he's perfect.=)
but it doesnt mean that you basically want to be with men.
She and I started dating, then got married a year later.
He won't call me if I ask.
Tell each other how much you love one another!
but you know I mean know when its for real or not.
take hold of your life and be the leader , not the follower.
you seeing him and what is the problem?
If not present BUMPER CAR TIME!
But I mean, it depends on what kind of girl you are.
ask your boyfriend if he loves you and see his response.
What is it about farts that turns you on?
So I dump that B**** .
the school problems I can deal with myself.
Why would you even want to?
First you want to check who really loves you!!
like is it hard to find a person in Bogota Colombia
My boyfriend said , 'm going all the way on the love meter . Is that good?
The most romantic thing I 've done is...take her to a movie...while...I had everything set in my house...i.e.
OR if he doesnt even show you anymore that he loves you!
and keep him as if he's the only on this earth
Do not to leave clothes lying around, help out with housework...
well, you just wake up one day, and decide she's the one I need in life.
I don't know myself.... but I will let you know when I do.
you with some trouble if you don't.
It starting a new tradition and the kids think it's funny that mom and dad go on dates!
do you want to or not?
If he is OK with it , then invite the ex.
Plus, my dad wasn't mad at me about it, he blamed my mom.
i thought I did but he turned out 2 b a total jurk
you are not a slut if you are selective about who you have sex with
Kind Regards, Soul (I know I must have really bored you)
The right guy isn't around yet, you haven't found each other.
Haha The SAME EXACT THING happened to me 3 days ago . I'm not kidding!
we can't hold everything on like you guys.
have not look back and I am beyond curious now
He will never, ever cheat on me.
please Guys I'm dying here . Somebody say something
if he won't accept that as an answer, then be blunt and just say no.
Do anything you have to .
You sound like a nice person, just keep telling yourself, he's not the ONE.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
is They didn't fulfill their dreams - fantasies - and career goal.sssss
Yes I so know what you are talking about . I think a lot of people get like that .
Then go to the gym and have a great time!
Should I let go of us ??
but I am leaving him cause he is not the guy I thought he was.
Then hook up with the other dude while he watches.
And then just lay it all out.
I I I totally agree with little one.
but he may have feelings for you.
You guys are gonna be a lot of other people in your lifetime.
Depends on what type of person you are
5 times a week with my wife, twice with GF!
She now comes to ME to have fun, That has actually NEVER happened before , I must say.
even though you two are not together.
You don't want that for the rest of your life.
Even though I took a lot of girls virginity away , it still took some good makin to do it.
Thats when its absolutely the best!
AND IF THE BOYFRIEND has A RELATIONSHIP AS BUDDIES, IT WILL BE A CHALLENGE TO MAKE RULES.
I think any girl will mary you if you get some hair on your head.
I tried to do that a while ago, all I got was ingrown hair on my chest, really gross.
He said he always liked me too and asked me out.
but after women get married and are together for a while , then it continues .
I've looked everywhere I can think of: What is fashionable
IF he does call as much come around or even tell you he loves you!
It is very easy, you ask for their cam,,,then ask them questions,,,the eyes do lie
Maybe because they know they are better talkers than lovers LOL
talk to her and hanging out with her.
I LIKE A GIRL WHO KNOWS WHAT SHE WANTS AND JUST TAKES IT!!
if there is love , then you have everything you need in a relationship.
Do you even get them anything?
i would love to ohave one night stands it easy and fun!!!
So now you know how Jennifer felt!
almost naked with only a pair of pantyhose and heels on.
if he's hurting you now... imagine how much more he's going to hurt you if you stick around.
Yes if she comes back , she wants you ,an your money, place you live
Go with what you think is best , but if you ask me it sounds like you should say yes!
so please help me, what should I do?
Age ain't nothing but a number
PICK THE GUY YOU LIKE THE BEST, AND THE GUY WHO LIKES YOU THE BEST.
It It used to be Marin County.
do Let what happens make your life something it doesnt have to be..
im not sure...... let hang out :-)
I Don't know what to think and I'm worried that he isn't doing OK over their in Iraq!!
Do what I want, come and go as I please, no one to answer to.
Then , If that does work , confront him even though he will probably lie you can tell.
And if he is going to come back to me and still be with me!
but then I am a gypsy of sorts , so I may be roaming the earth some!
You are not, bad people don't think they are bad, they think they are cool.
Well, start by complimenting her, girls like this.
She looked at me kind of weird.
k2_borja@yahoo.com send me an email with your name?do you have a friendster id?
go to church . There are nice ones there.
If you haven't seen him, and you don't know his name, then I wouldn't bother.
Yes IT'S NORMAL . Just TAKE SOME TIME AND THINK ABOUT YOURSELF AND WHY DID you SPLIT UP ANYWAY.
Um, Well my best friend , who is a guy , asked me out and I said yes.
{Att: People who don't believe in divorce - save your breath.
Even women that I ask about his staff seem to agree ....
tell 1 of your friends 2 tell him or write him a note
Wow THAT THE BIGGEST ONE I've EVER SEEN!!
My My friend says that beer is the best way
because the kids could be transferred between school quarters with very little hassle.
it might just be a great rush for you too!
& If this guy is telling the truth, and really cares about you, then you will regret it later.
Well You ca be too young to get married.
if the relationship was meant to work and you are in love.
you writing a good romance novel, but you need a church counsellor to make a good climax
But I think you deserve better!
Try looking into some gay or bi porn
see other women, just don't sleep with them
Ask him if he still loves you.
im at peace after every orgasm!
My husband thought my long hair was sexy and turned it on
She talking to her, and now we're going out!!!
do select any person from your family.
its in the middle . I have 1 .
Why would you ask strangers, don't you just know you shouldn't do anything.
!And too bad for you, if you do not change...
And what if they flirted back with her?
someday you'll find a guy you find attractive and you should ask him out.
otherwise they are enjoing other girls.
may be , u r wrong some where so far r writing this ?
I guess it depends on the girl.
she will see what man was always there for her and which one she really loves.
THE Children WILL HAVE TO HAVE SOME TIME JUST TO THEMSELVES (AWAY FROM EACH OTHER).
i'd have to go w/ KenC's answer
if Your friend is only 22 . She has just started her life.
just be yourself and a gentleman,
ask yourself if you really love him.
i'm 17,and in love with a guy that is 21 and has a girlfriend my age.
i don't like BIG BUMS but something that I can grab on
IMPORTANT : do let them know.
try to bump up bed time by an hour.
bad boys have an edge that girls find dangerous, adventerous, fun
I am so old that everyone that looks desirable is way too young!
Maybe you do things that bother him too.
who seth ur boy friend huh huh ?????????
i can be you're friend even if you're 7 years younger.
And obviously , it's not been ok with you for them to ask for cash.
(im a girl , so I probably did n't answer the question, I just had to make that comment
Just take your time....patience is a virtue...Good things for those who wait!
No offence-I mean, I'm just barely 15, but who knows?
Once a cheater , always a cheater!
oh, SAFE SEX = HAPPY SEX!
she is the only girl out there , around 30 guys . Do you think something is going on??
of course , he has no idea it is me.
MAn You should see my other questions!
No matter what happens , do not stop talking to her for her mom .
Trust me I did on someone!
people do not break up for no reason.
lol they're not a lab test!
do it when you want . I
the guy ended up cheating on me and so I got sad.
get out quickly . There are plenty more fish in the sea.
Honey, I have learned that when you look you will never find!!
KEEP IN MIND NO ONE KNOWS THAT I AM GAY.
lol cos the truth is too ugly .
I can't say much ; just wait it out.
Strange how that works, isn't it?
maybe 4 him all is just perfect for you.
WRONG ... women are everywhere ... check out David Deangelo and his double your dating stuff.
This kid is a spoiled, raging brat!
START IN THE AM WITH GENTLE BRUSHES AND SUBTLE HINTS.
step towards life love and living
( I used to run on track and still maintain great muscle tone)
to him, your just a filler.
Of course , It is the best way
And you say you like him.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
he is afraid of losing you!!
by the way public, check my question I left for you
if your not married to them , dump them . They probably arent going to change.
shut and lock your bedroom door.
Sometimes He`ll pick my bra up and put it on and pretend to be me just for fun.
It Everything It is harder & it is harder if it involves love
:) And besides, I've got my eyes on a lotta real people who actually know me.
I do a lot ( a whole lot) of private home wedding,sssss I love weddings at the beach.
So how do ya keep it all interesting ?
How can I handle all of this?
My FIANCEE CHEATED on MY BEST FRIEND.
Don't presure yourself so much!Just be like Hey How are you!
Why dont we just go and get some coffee or martini (or both!)
But I would really think about this.
Like places you often go to.
IF SO, YOU NEED TO SET SOME RULES FOR YOUR BOYFRIEND.
You or the partner is too young!!!
Because they really don't love you.
The best of both worlds just get caught!
in one TV show I was surrprised by a 41 - year old HOT BABE!!!
she doesn't go to sleep at night?
ok, that is just weird . I am assuming your younger.....
It isn't good for your child to be there either, so get out while you still have your sanity!!!
We usually mean more than what we say, so we figure you do too :))
This is a really awful thing to do!
unless you are famous, forget it.
as Texascowgurl said a guy who looks at the outer Not all guys are like that .
1 Corinthians 13 . That's if you wanna know what love really means!
It It wo be very enjoyable the first time.
This should please him a lot
No do not call his butt.If he still had feelings for you then he would be callin you!
IT DOESN'T MATTER IF HE WAS OR WASN'T .
it depends if your friend wants or don't want you to have sex with him/her
getting over it and get on with life
Seriously, I never knew life would be this great!
Probably... hey, there are plenty of fish in the sea!
i mean it's just a color.
but half think you really want to be with this guy.
i think all girls should have hair.
Just break up with her, she CHEATED on you!!
in my opinion its perfectly OK
back way off before you lose your best friend.
I LIKE YOUR HONESTY, BUT DUDE GROW UP.
in my opinion , he has found someone else.
CREATE SEXUAL TENSION LIKE THEY DO ON FILM AND TV.
I find that odd that guys spend that much time talking about it, blaming themselves.
First off, I am fat, so I'm going to say this as bluntly as I can.
2ND WHAT 's WRONG WITH YOU AND YOUR FAMILY.
Now there is no one left,she is with him and I left alone.
whatever she says , then you must follow.
How can a loser ever win?
She won't stop talking about him and its getting on my nerves!
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
Are you sure you two are still going out?
I can turn the lights off for him, you know what I mean?
IT IS A BATTLE , BUT WHAT DO YOU CHOOSE?
that is when it feels like adultry
i know this is hard!
Why would you want to chat with turkeys?
untill then ask questions that people, other than me, will answer.
Man, Did I learn that the hard way....
A Hoe YA JUST DO IT in THE BACK OF THE CAR, BUT A LADY SURE.
do you prefer a man that expresses his emotions freely(even crying)?
just stay friends with them both right now.
Just start kissing her softly on her neck and shoulder.
tell them leaving..........come back later....lol
Tell her . You have been wondering about dating.
Trust you are just a kid.
Your child shouldnt grow up in an environment like that.
but it's not normal if at your age you don't have a single crush.
Like, Let me give you an example.
Why do you marry the daughter of your mamoon.
or does he think I have a problem with sex?
Isn't this the wrong category to be asking this question?
ask yourself yourself again . Do you really love him?
it felt like eating a lot of chocolates and throwing up after.
Just say - I LOVE YOU
Honey I'm not sure what to tell ya.
I'm a hair and eyes guy.
Yes I have been with him for 10 years .
find something you both like and buy it for her.
heck yes, you would do for me sweetie!
You just have to pick the right one.
in your closet with the lights out ?
but it would be better for your married
first of all , didnt it hurt you when you found out she was cheating on you?
are the girls like the one from American teen movies.
they want to skeet on u
Uh....no, because you rarely even fart.
My opinion, take your time, girl!
if you expect to do good in college.
depends on who you are with, but this one guy kissed me, and the next thing I knew.
I tell ALL of my friends that I liked him.
oooo.looks like you jumped in too soon.
i think everyone is a little nervous the first time having sex.
Preferbly both but money would probly win
first realize your relationship and then ask this question again..
GET OUT and never look back!
what you do . Do try to pressure guys to be more emotional.
Sounds like some idiot I know.
second: Since when is a girl asking for $$$ OK???
i can imagine , but I'm not a girl
Evertime he talks my heart beats faster!
that way , you guys get to talk and enjoy an afternoon stroll, and you both get to work out.
is not easy , so do be so anxious.
that lazy son of a B***** .
NOTWITHSTANDING THE RELATIONSHIP WILL STEM FROM THE LOVE AND AFFECTION EVERY WOMAN DESERVES.
once I had a broken heart, cried all the time, didn't want to do anything.
just tell them, don't insalt them, but be honest.
yOU MEAN...WHAT...MORON HOW CAN your OWN SISTER want to HAVE SEX WIT CHA Please GROW UP
My husband got his that way.
Just reading your question upsets me!
10 months to go hahahaha 1.
Hope This can help you a lot .
i love to do math . it just depends on what subject it`s on.
depends... a dude looking for a wife would prob go to church.
if she likes him enough , that is.
IN SCHOOL DAYS , I LIKE THE VERY BIG ASS OF MY CLASS . I KNOW WHY?
i do think it is right for him to be doing this.
dude - don't believe a single word of what these women tell you.
DON'T RUSH INTO ANYTHING THOUGH, YOU MIGHT END UP AS A JOHN DOE.
there with guys, you just know it and its not cool to show it.
WHAT CAN I POSSIBLY BE DOING WRONG.
My boyfriend wants to have sex & of course we'll use a condom.
Now that he obviously knows, it's between me and him!
What happens if your boyfriend forgets about your b-day Do you think he cheaten?
am sure you rotten rite??
however He is the type of guy that all the girls want.
Some men are bi-curious, just like some women are.
(met him through me and my bf)
I'm not a fan of guys wearing pink
Just make sure you're not the rebound girl!
he does deserve you if he acts like he does care, However, have you asked him about it?
She isn't going to take the news well, no matter how you approach her on it, so just don't.
If you are a Christian then no!
But Life should be made easier by the one you love.
Every time I look into my girlfriend's eyes, I can see the beach.
The The guy front me is a dumbass.
2 or three times a week
ONE, THERE IS NO RESPECT SHOW ON YOU AND YOUR BOYFRIEND.
although it can go too far.
Get some courage and ask him!
You are killing your family and friends.
ok so if it's with another person.
It was fun to whisper in her ear months later, I saw you nekkid!
Have you tried LISTENING to her?
you should not stay in a relationship that makes you miserable.
NOW I WEAR MY ANNIVERSY RING,WEDDING BAND AND THEN MY ENGAGEMENT RING.
be true to yourself
you're not a bad person... it is just being true to yourself!
coz there may be a way to control her.
sit down and talk with him.
but he won't call to talk face to face.
Okay, First off...How old r u?
and how do I find out?
Because your 10th anniversary has to be super-special anyway.
I know Leo is a good match
Things to make both of you feel good!!!
if he keeps giving you the eye.
how to I convince her to come and hang out and spend the night like everyone else does.
A lot of girls like guys to be up front:-)
Once , a cheater is always a cheater in my book.
don't stay, you might get emotionally attached and that would hurt you
If you don't know if you are ready , then YOU ARE NOT READY!!!
So by saying you're always HORNY!
it's kinda harsh , but it worked for me.
Keep searching... things that aren't meant to be, wo happen.
it its not, you can ask is it wrong to be st8?
and besides looking at my picture , I 'm no hunk either
I found OUT WHEN I GOT A $600 CELL PHONE BILL.
love and hate...but really Love my friend
Can you wait until he wants?
I hope you can find some good friends here, but always keep your eyes open ;)
If you don't trust her, that means you probably aren't doing your job in the bedroom.
if you want to, then do it.
I still think he's cute, I just don't like him.
Get your nails done or something.
I 'm 18yrs and want good care and a loving boyfriend or life partner
then it is meant to be .
im just looking for a friend...some one that I can talk to too!
He says he still wants to be able to have sex , but I told him no.
I love him , but I can't continue like this!!
ya I think we should just wait for the right guy to come along
do hang up on the relationship , You do know how lucky you are in this world .
ignore him and annoy yourself when thinking about him
after they get married the chop off their beautiful hair and gain 50 lbs.
you are a pleaser, a helper, and maybe a martyr.
You loved this guy and he messed you up.
they are just more unashamed and freely talking about it .
but not anymore with my bad boy *hehehe*
and you know for sure you can't avoid the fight.
weed or no weed, he is a LIAR!
but be careful , love can also break your heart.
no its not wrong age aint nothin but a number
You are SO sweet, and I do even know you!!!
the answer depends on how long you have been together
Or you just like looking like a sap.
is it OK or is it considered cheating
So he's a liar and definitely not the One.
Move on and don't look back.
Because girls in general are golddiggers.
as a man , you are not supposed to hit any woman.
but remember if he is a good father , let him be a father.
Jesus hates pornography, but he hates people who look at it even more!
Because my boyfriend is too jealous and he won't let me go anywhere alone , Umless is my mom!!
give him a general Valentine see how he responds.
I can hear myself thinking now.
because you hope they'll do the same for you (do they?)
BOTH OF YOU HAVE ALREADY MADE FAMILIES AND THINK THAT EVERYTHING WILL BE LIKE THE BRADY BUNCH.
all girls could be sexy in way way or another
A CHILD MOLESTER DOES NOT DESERVE ANYTHING . What HE DOES DESERVE IS TO GET HIS DICK CUT OFF!!!!!!!!!!!
Ok First of all , why would you take a child to visit a child molestor?
is it on your best friend's body , or his girlfriend's?
infact I like the people here,they are hardworking and friendly.
But a MAN cries and you're like...whoa.
at least this girl is honest.
slowly you guys will become friends again.
throw with a couple of restaurant meals (about -
ACTUALLY I FOUND a BIG ASS FROM MY CHILD 's HOOD.
its turn on men like it simply
Take care and don't worry, this IS fixable.
if you are married, & he married, you both want to be together?
this is the best thing that could have happened to her.
has nothing to do with it .
Then get the papers and ask her to sign them!
If he's honest and says he loves you go with it.
if you are not married yet , the answer should be I have not...
honestly, Men and women say that they need time, but it is almost always for another person.
I I I agree with Travis 2005 .
so if his friend does do anything that will ruin your friends ' relationship
4) If you are tensed, don't shout at your spouse.
You just don't see that now because you're grieving.
I never kissed her and asked her once how she felt about sex.
so he can always take his balls and go home when he is tired of playing
My boyfriend and I just started dating.
instead of wondering just asking what the worst thing he could say to you no
Just relax , you can find girls all over the place.
THE GOOD OR THE BAD OF IT?
I don't think so, but it is worth a try/
5) Go out once in a while with your spouse.
He finally asked me out and said soon he's gonna break up with her.
i guess I could say yes.
kick em in the ribs then smash their head on a wall.
just wanted info on this topic .
She is 14 and she is starting to really cause serious problems with her dad and I!
is cute when the guys wearing pink
you can love them, but they might not in return
:) I wouldn't worry about the average.
Is THERE ANY PROBLEM WITH ME?
If there is no change, it's time to get rid of her
i mean you do have to leave her, just warn.
I didn't have it, as I have gotten married yet..and in Islam,, sex is only allowed for married couples..:))
i have called him twice since then.
Read my lips : You`re a MORON
Why we say it?why we fall into it?
I think he is playing with you , so fix this with his way and I 'm sure that will work
Some guys look better in pink than some women!
but First, you have to be happy too!
So I'm worried he might have changed his mind about wanting to be with me!!
we have found so much more upset about than age!
Can't have it all unless they both still love him and are willing to share.
Instead of, Gee, I suck at finding a good man!
So you have a crush on this guy.
no, they know its not proper-ladylike ya know?.
They do it just like the rest of the people who live in other countries!!
Im always too hot to too cold.
even if she says no, the friendship remains
2.Go to the park and have lunch!
Definitely not wrong if you're a chick!
go with him but keep it clean and no sex
Don't try to be a perfect person because no one is (not even the Canadian girl)lol!
funny acualy they don't fart until they are married because they have got an a**** yet
Tell him no and give him an ultimatum, but be ready to walk if he chooses her over you.
what you do , do go slow and have fun warming up first.
its all with eye contact.
he didn't say who he was.
no way, you are stuck with it for life.
Man, just tell her and If it is meant to be then it will be..........
ask her on the face u need not fear if she says a yes or a no .
I I I guess Inbetween would be the best
Why do men invest in their wives appearance
to answer your question : what is love. is is is
everything is not and hopefully never will be on age!!
Which is great, since women, like men, should be taught to love (and respect!)
Some girls like to be kissed down there, some just want to kiss, depends.
if you do love her, turn her down.
Should be JP right there where you can get your license.
but She hits and beats me so hard that I have to defend myself and end up hitting her.
love... is a think worth running all life after and dying for/from...
(You should see them before hand) Ughhhh!
you stop going out with him because he is using you.
get some strange, things but be safe.
Life is short, don't sweat the small stuff!
I am sure he likes you too !
and If I do love him , how do I make a move?
blue eyed blonde who cleans, cooks and makes your meals day in and day without complaining about it...
i asked , Can I tickle your feather?
!I would love some BF advice!!
Yeah I do like her a lot...
you are young , it's puppy love.
if he doesnt want to be with you, why be with him?
It No It is not wrong and I think it is cool .
if you are not comfortable , then leave or tell them that you have errins to run.
She was probably looking for a brother - like relationship , then sensed you were getting the wrong idea and split.
Don't waste your time with this guy.
Good Luck I know it is not easy.
in case you haven't heard, guys aren't that good at getting a hint and picking up on soft clues.
There There There There are a lot of good men out there.
My life with my husband was a living hell, but I stayed because I said I DO!
You'll just have to move on now I guess.
Most guys just want sex , but some look for romance and love
If you don't mind that small age difference , then you don't care about what people say.
I have a daughter named Bethany!
I'm a junior now (he's a senior) and he still likes me.
lol, that happens to me a lot .
Last week She invited me to her birthday with her family, I went.
well, she obviously likes you , but you need to wait awhile to get her to open up
YOU HAVE TO KNOW WHEN TO SAY IT'S ENOUGH.
yes , but only a friend and on the messenger only ok im danitza753 16/f/ca on yahoo messenger
by messin with the wrong type of guys.
yourself A BETTER PERSON THAN WONDERING IF'S .
do let him see it coming, though.
Remember, mostly it's if you love them!!
isn't that cute . He leaves his socks all over the floor .
I want an HONEST answer from those guys who know what 'm talking about.
I don't know man but that sounds pretty scary.
to the extent I could die for the one I love.
pick up your sox and give her control of the remote control!
if it is the same person.
why of course...packing my suitcase now.
They asking so many questions , but all they want is a good conversation... =) Cheers
make up but you wo get away with it .
but what I really think that they should put to death just like a murderer
it depends.. Some guys can carry them , some don't
IM me at roguefire28 on yahoo messenger.
id never forgive myself if I said that to someone.
Don't worry about it too much.
a trailer dweller may be like a gal who spits and chews a
No i wouldnt because if you do got no feelings for that person , it just wouldnt seem right.
knowing the partner will be there when you wake up!
he's young as r U not really sure if you are the one just yet.
Find another boyfriend, become a nun, anything but this!
that way, you get something as well ;)
and My boyfriend gave me two!
And when you are around her , just think of the thing you like most about her!
you can not read an answer to find that you have to ask her that question.
Im warning only to those's who lie.
Can someone tell how there are true people on Yahoo and , if there are true , how can you be sure ?
you know the usual cheating feeling.
for the sake of your child.
love the girl for who she is, not what her hair is like.
sure do love to collect friends!!!
This GUY HAS a lot OF FRIENDS WHO ARE GIRLS.
My boyfriend broke up with me over the phone . I need to talk to him.
if you have money $ $ $ $ $ $40 to spare , then go to a motel or ask a friend for his/her room.
That big spot between her ears.
if you want to...do it yourself.
let her do what she needs to do and then she'll cool out and so will you.
Are you trying to be cute and funny?
No need to rush - really...
but It took me 6 months to figure it out.
he may not be ready for a relationship , but he shouldn't be treating you that way too
it's called ATTRACTION .. Bad boys use it most without knowing
I will not let someone run me out of my own house.
Even if he's hooking up for money , people don't seem so concerned with it.
Once a week, if you are lucky...........
She needs to realize that you care about her health too and not just her looks.
Why make her fall in love with you??
first: asking for sex is like... weird.
may be because we are unable to understand it .
Stick around for more crap, or finish it off for real?
It looks like your batting {empty set} right now...
If she is a smart girl , she can convince the guy to wait
So in return , I feel like it gets cut short a lot of times.
there is no sexier site than this!
You said you love her , so you should stay.
Hi there ..... U should always think that sex is created by expressing love beyond talk and hag.
idont use fake pictures or fake descriptions.
Well...get to know her a bit.
to quote Jay-z's Song ladies are pimps to go on and brush your shoulders off
learn yourself, your needs and what you want in a person.
and since the house was in my name only .
THE Same WILL HAPPEN FOR YOUR DAUGHTER AND YOUR BOYFRIEND,.
When you push, like in flirting, you attract the wrong kind of guy.
he told me he got the email.
sometimes it love and sometimes they use them because they just want to have it!!
who knows what city folk are like!
i not pretty sure what love is , so that is why I'm asking.
it's not that tough and it could actually help your relationship.
The Most beautiful girl I 've ever seen.
i do think so,its actually something you can do with your spouse
otherwise send her to her friend 's house.
once you truly love a person, you feel it inside you that you need to protect that somebody.
Cept the girl was in my English class, not science.
And I'm not fat either- 5'2 110 lbs
My favourite body part is my 38D boobs.
a man will say, he has the best of both worlds.
I really like this guy , but I don't even know if he now is real??
But do call him then it will seem lonely!
If he's shallow and maybe slightly rude, you can know for sure that he's only looking for good looks.
watching them secretly . You will find a guy who really loves you.... best wishes nick jishnu_vv@yahoo.com
You win some and you lose some.
Your bf should be the one to tell her that it's just not gonna happen.
But don't worry if you keep looking , you'll find it.
make him jealous, do the things he does for you have fun!
i am attracted to bigger women, but when you think about it , all women are sexy to someone
The the The smoking part is worse than the weed smoking(in a relationship)
My dear, you are only 18 years old!!!
in my opinion , once a cheater is always a cheater.
tell her that she is just not the one for you
All of us girls want the best guy possible!
God just show you the way if you believe in that.
Now as a straight guy , it's probably getting together and hanging out, going to parties and stuff like that.
HE WOULD STILL BE there IF HE WAS.
don't shave your chest, it is a waste of time.
Don't jump before learning how to walk !
kid,just concentrate on studying first to avoid too much drama and heartaches,lolz!
you might find a new avenue for fun and spice up your love life all at the same time!
oh well, tell her if mom can join too.
But never taken time off to see me.
Well right me to see how it goes!
In life, If you are good at math, your bad at English.
i wish I had a brother as nice as you.
it depends on guys , but I want her cute,sexy,beautiful eyes,long hairs, and look innocent.
You shouldn't feel bad . Remember me once , shame on you , but fool twice , shame on me .
she bringing my friends and coworkers to the problem, I just need some help.
Sure I get called a B@#$!
His passion for life and the Lord!
I KNOW I AM NOT THE HOTTEST THING.
What if girls wear men's undergarments?
And That would be a huge problem.
makes for a good ice breaker.
If its male/male you may wanna sink a bottle of JD first!
just because they know French and English?
Respect means not flirting in front of her and never forget she is your one and only love.
You are a jerk in real. life
boys are bad with dates in general .
although Some people say it just to say it.
as a guy , I can tell you he loves you.
If you got a kid, your life will never be as you dream of ...not now, never!
yeah sweetie you guys really do pay attention to details.
Only if you think he really likes you!!!!
some Ppl would like to know
i would say that it was bad because he said that YOU were the one goin over.
I think it's because women believe they don't deserve any better, and that is sad!
He probably isn't cheating, he's probably just stupid (like me).
=] Anyway, I've heard enough guys say horrible things about big-bellyed women.
You want to kiss someone you really love.
its always a bad idea to have a relationship at work
e-mail or fax her: Dear /name/!
going out on a date with someone!
demonstrate how much fun and better it would be for her if you were her man.
(try asking for his # or offering him yours.
girl...u should even need advice for this answer.
OK, I'm THINKING YOU'RE SINGLE , SO THIS IS WHAT YOU CAN DO.
I 'm Not sure if I believe in destiny or not .
Just smile and tell him/her ya are not interested.
550-894, Well do you think you deserve it ?
i mean , how can anyone now you better than a friend.
when you are ready to have sex , then do it.
Either that or all the guys you hang out with are, well this is yahoo, Meanie Weanie's.
tell him he can take his swingin ' ass elsewhere!
ur not gonna have a problem with new culture, ur gonna like it...try and see
start by simply asking the person.
I do think you lost your guts.
MAKE IT LAST A FEW DAYS, IF necessary
Then, when you're not looking...the right one will come along!
I am right here, but I 'm married sorry lol
be confident and tell her you'll be the best boyfriend she'll ever have.
chatting on the internet has become a common thing
My husband has become the man I married!!!!!!!
I have told here that I want to hang out outside work , but whatever I do , we never do.
i mean , show him a good attitude
if he was abusive, you shouldn't get jealous and you should just move on.
its not a disease you could catch or anything.
Hey, Well you I know you've probably already heard this , but just be yourself!
i like plump women because they do shaped like guys and are all curvy and hippy.
don't make a big deal about it or you'll fuel her drive.
my my e-mail address is pomonagrl909@yahoo.com . E-mail me back
A nice punch to the face.
Come on , you can do it!
if you stay at home with it , then they say there is something wrong.
i know how how it feels to be your heart broken and I know that it is not easy.
she said Of course there is.
tell him to go to the local strip club
You don't tell her to lose weight.
wana have friends and meet people with interesting things and experiences to share... email me...shainne24@yahoo.com
I don't think that's such a bad thing , but my friends want me to get over him.
she just broke up with him like 2-3 days ago.
Apparently, he's playing you, so don't fall for that one!
if you are married , go find a counselor because living with a cheeter is very hard.
No kidding, she really is over there >>>>>>
I think she was afraid to leave him.
it doesn't have to be expensive , just do things that she likes all week, but don't tell her!!!
they don't want to hurt your feelings
UM.......... ok, you seriously need to talk to this guy.
Hi, my name is _________ .
two positives gives you no television to watch gay guys bumping nasties.
If you don't, you won't know what you 're missing.
well, ask her out; ya never know unti lyou try.
i suggest you could wait for it to go or put make-up on it hahaha!
If she doesn't want to sign them, then she needs to get her shit together!
do feel bad he 's been with me for 3 years and he forgets every year
i think he likes you , but he is afraid to start a relationship
I couldn't do it because I shy.
I say to both of you...Congradulations!
Unless it's someone disgustingly wealthy - like Bill Gates.
Finally give yourself time to heal.
she is not the first woman to tell me that
My b/f and I just recently had a baby and I have 3 others.
so my point is that it's kinda true what you said.
What kind of hints do guys give girls when they are cheating?
The man is an idiot, because he wants his cake and eat it too.
i don't blog or use myspace, but the people I know that do are all full of cr*p.
If you really love him then I would alone stroke his penis.
never heard of friendship I have a myspace n Xanga
just last week , my boyfriend and some buddies left out of town for a project at work.
lol that would be a pimp.
oh yes , it really works go for it .
If he can't trust you to go out and see friends, then you should break up with him.
He said he broke up with her.
he might not only like you as a friend, but he might like you more!!
does not condone it, then love goes away.
360) and we're together for one year.
one on each side, lol, we were really going at it.
you two would just be fine ... dont worry about it buddy .
so don't see the person 's shortcomings or faults .
Not wanting kids to not have a father.
The fact that you are asking Yahoo!
I say that because most people don't get married , then they fall in love.
I don't want things between me and her to get lost.
Because guys want what they can't have.
And He wants to look around.
They stop callin as much he stops callin you by your nick name?
But if hunk kind or extra smart kind probably have a bit of over enthusiasm and , of course , lies :D
if you enjoy munching on the carpet , knock yourself out
I know what it is , the little girl might want you around her and her dad.
and He can do what he wants and it 's all good.
talk to her asking her to pick her up un exspected
WELL THAT A HARD ONE and KNOW WHAT YOU SHOULD DO.
Just go and tell him upfront.
RUSSIAN AND MOST FOREIGN WOMEN ARE GENERALLY GREAT COMPANIONS, ESPECIALLY IF THEY ARE RESCUED FROM A HARSH ENVIRONMENT.
I feel like Dear Abby , so just listen to that and you will not be screwed.
my daughter I ca live with her!
The funny thing is: my current girlfriend found me on the web (community websites like Yahoo!
Think about it, you see a woman crying and it is no biggie.
Get a porno movie and do everything they do.
im interested, but I 'm not pretty...
give it to him , so at least know you like him .
I really like a guy , but I do want to tell him because he is going out with someone else.
well...not for me,and IDK what to do.
but Will she love you back is the question...
but if you try real hard , you get what you need
Again if it has to do with a guy?
she seems to think that I never let her say what she wants.
She looks at me with this evil grin and walks off!
no, I've done it before in the past.
maybe if you listen, and let her talk, things will get better.
fall in love first.. Sex will be automatically .
I was like you, I liked her from the beginning but things didn't happen at first.
He do freak with you any more?
i love him a lot and my boobish friends are SO STUPID and actually left me and him alone together!!
you do have to do anything that you want to do.
but keep it slow and simple.
using words like imagine, what if, dream, and vision.
When its on a fella dat can pull it off its great!
it's because you're attracted to the wrong type of guys.
Most of the girls I know don't blame a guy like that unless he cheated on her or something.
Because most men dump you after two days!
If not, best of luck to you in your education!
many teens begin their sexual life at this age, younger is worse , older is worse :)
go to yahoo messenger chat room... look for turkey and join it.
yeah nobody knows who seth is.
It He It is not me , That why
simply have courage, tell him again about your love that u r think to make your relationship deeper.
He will either show up later on or he wo
Magic 8 Ball says, Ask again later
Well I suggest giving it a shot, come on over . I'll help yah figure it out!
GET OFF YOUR BUM AND ASK THEM STRAIGHT OUT.
is it they want a relationship or just ***.
the sense of saying it every if in reality you didn't mean it?
Dang don't do that, evidence will be splattered all over the damn place!
Hope you find the one that makes you smile.
sometimes It takes a bit of time to meet the right guy.
Must be all in my head, you think?
Then flirt with every good looking guy you meet.
This way, I try not to hurt her
do handsome men consider dating women their own age?
that's the funny thing about love!
Just a few things to think about
gosh You are supposed to have children soon.
THEN FILL THE TUB WITH SPAM AND JUMP IN...WHEN YOUR MATE GETS HOME.....LOL
that would be your wife or your husband (depends on your sex)
he'll be worrying about what happened to you .
next time...tell him to give ya a hicky somewhere that your mom won't see it (wink wink)
start by asking...do you want to spend the rest of your life with me?
Have a party to cheer you up!
Yea Her name is Olivia 'm soo jealous
give him a dollar, and ask him to get an airticket to French
Don't worry, a guy will like you.
thats what do you think,in other words , they like actions not words...
i'll be glad to help others the best I can
no but it is much more for us to make a lot of noises
i mean damn, 've got a life too!!!
guys who have casual sex are also considered sluts by many girls.
Your life is not worth his horniness!
Our brain ;) Focus on that...
ya He's in my left pocket hanging out with two nuts
if he says he loves you and he's still sticking it out with you , then he really loves you
i have never heard of that
If you find two, let me know!
second date , Yeah a kiss is fine.
Well I guess...you are a Filipino working abroad, right?
yuk... I ca imagine sombody liking that sort of thing...
i think you should be straightforward... tell him how you feel...
There There There There , There are kind women out there that are just not interested.
are you closer to one of them?
no You aren't the only person that feels this way.
You sound like a really nice person , maybe to be nice.
u making a great mistake , man...ur life and your family think about that...
it's not right , but yeah laugh
)Um,kiss him and tell him you love him ect.And always,BE YOURSELF!
And be sure to stop if she says stop!
I don't think this would be bad at all.
I n't spend much time at all with them.
has this ever happened to anyone else?
Most guys don't really care if you have a little bit but don't get carried away.
we broke up again and are now just friends.
when it goes beyond your limits
and think me as I need to discuss anthing just put a mail at pleasent_kamal@yahoo.com.
You like him and so what?
tell him . You want to get more serious
if he asks , just tell him yes.
Your answer should be the same.......NO!!!!
u r right, but once she had a relationship with him , then she will regret.
Well it depends what kinda stuff, you werent very specific about that.
i don't think so, unless you eat cookies while you are doing it.
that person always notices you
His REPLY WILL BE THAT HE is NOT HIS MOTHER.
You know what to do , agent21257
no breathing no moving no thinking no living anything is I'm missing?
for me when I say love you.
If ur bf cares for you , he will go slow and make sure ur not in pain.
It it It takes longer to go up than it does to go down .
But I guess you would just feel it.
if she had a boyfriend when we broke up ....don't do it....it will happen again :(...
how could Someone fall in love.
You are gonna be in big trouble.
Stay friendly with both of them, If they break up then think about asking her out.
to me I want a beautiful girl and good loking and alitel of smart
I lol I good question . I will go to work .
marriage... the only one that wins is.... no one... how to win.... be the biggest yeller
u shouldn't even ask this question in public!
it's just normal to have crushes or idolize some people.
Say Yes dear to everything she says... :)
do tell ur friend because you will ruin your life!
'm 26 next month and I ca imagine being married right now.
a girl'sss don't be afraid of answering, and also rate my question from me to all of you girl's.sssss
leave because he using you and no one wants to be treated like that
fool, go and watch a XX movie.....
It's not like you asked his permission when you wanted to marry someone else.
maybe You're just too perfect for them.
I might chat with you, make some funny comment, but in my case, I'm just having fun.
I met my wife on the internet.
go 4 it and make him want you even more!
that means , Unfortunately , he's not really into you , just a time filler.
I I I need help!Im going to marry this man and I ca do this forever
I'm not sure, I have the same problem too .
To miss a special one and think for all the time . It means I am in love
2) If THESE GUYS DON'T KNOW EACH OTHER.
I am not a boy but I guess they do if you know what I mean!!!!!
do let others hate people because they do not like you and me....get
the person will understand you and will leave you
Think of things she has mentioned.
This guy has liked me since Freshman year.
who is seth and go to Rochester high .
Just answered another Q of yours!
No apparent reason why....just go with the answer...NOPE!
Yes it will hurt a lot . Mostly Ull just feel pressure.
this is the most naive question I ever heard from anybody........ASK HER......shis.....
The The The ones I saw on there were gorgeous tho!
Why would you want to her orgasm quickly, take your time with her and she will enjoy it.
Thats the deal the stump gets.......
you both dicsuus this with your spouses , and get married, Better you advise your spouses to get married
mini carrots, super healthy and very clean
OK, I really like this guy.
if my vital tool is only less than 15cm?
May I ask what yours is?
not because of boys , I do like girls going there .
A QUESTION WITH A QUESTION : WHERE ELSE WOULD YOU TAKE A LADY?
white gauzy material over a 4 - poster bed and lots of pillows.
I can't give a straight yes or no.
she feels Noelse will want her
In the meantime, just be happy and have fun in high school!
it doesn't sound like it is serious.
Hugs & Kisses, the same way I do.. :)
Every woman has a great part . You just need to find it!
i try to be as truthful as I can.
I think it's too young for you to make it.
maybe She feels she needs her money.
stockings with the seam in the back, Sexy conservative is very hot .
never ever go into a relationship if it seems 2 good 2 b true!
not yet still waiting for the right guy
BUT I THINK ACTION SPEAKS BETTER THAN WORDS .
by leaving him/er alone for sometime...
You need to ask that person...again if you ca trust , why would you marry?
My friend goes from guy to guy weekly!
get your satisfaction that way . Ok.
clean shaven if you have a six pack, or if you just arent fat.
I I I think I in in love with this guy, but I do know for sure.
Yes you can is she doesn't have a boyfriend .
You run up the heat.You da man.Tell her that she jus gon' have to walk round naked.
It's more than obviously shown..... but they still won't say it!
I AM NOW IN A NEW RELATIONSHIP AND I AM AFRAID OF THE SAME THING happening AGAIN.
wait until 24, 19 is too soon.
This will cause disturbances between spouse.
It's tough , but you need to move on.
Give it up and let it go.
So long as you are a good person, who cares if you are gay or straight?
run if she ca say no to the kids , What does that say about her?
you said you love her so completely.
A Big Mac costs about here?
like myself, I am a closeted bi- male.
But don't latch on to just anyone.
i'm not making fun of the question.
who is 30, never married, of Indian Origion and looking for a LIFE-PARTNER....????
Right now sounds good to me .
How would you feel if she went around flirting with other men?
when it 's all you think about!
if her man comes after you and you can't divert it at all cost.
sorry but I don't think it would work out between us would be good.
If you do give him your #.
well, I'm 30 and so . Of course I have an opinion on this.
Because most bad boys put up pretences and lie a lot and , unfortunately , girls love them
But your two young young
but she wouldn't leave the house .
do you really know what love is .
If a woman knows you are married , chances are she is not comfortable with you flirting with her.
Yes, I was married to him, didn't like him..and still had sex with him.
who think heavy-set latinas with brunette, long hair are sexy?
Women sooo don't work that way.
i think he is not because he is married Kim
all he wants me to do all the time is change to what he wants.
It can do it if you want to.
The ONLY THING THAT I CAN TELL YOU TO DO IS PUT IT BEHIND YOU AND FOCUS ON SCHOOL.
do you know him at all?
I pretty much had it with this guy.
he said that he wants to have group sex with his friend and his friend is a guy!
Spank him for being a badboy.
What would it like to be dead?
Tell him straight out...honesty is best :)
and while they are on the ground.
and if you gain weight even after the first time?
If by asking a stupid question.
There There There There There are a lot of things that might be.
It depends on if you are a guy or a girl.
based on experience: LEO, LIBRA, Aquarius, Aries and GEMINI , others n't do
As they say on Oprah...she needs to drop that zero and get herself a hero.
i do think we are hiding.
Even though you should not be asking that.
It It will become your last date
but I know what my favorite part is!
How can I tell if a guy is obsessed with me?
You think of someone else besides your wife , Don't you.
Even if the molestors own children
Should I go to the guy I like best or the one who likes me best???
My bedroom, a hotel room seems a little horish like she's not worth my time .
just act like you never informed anyone... lolz
you probably need to listen to her!
no way Hoze ask me y at xxjudychepxx@yahoo.com
Does he play with you like your friend or is he flirting with you?
if they don't, don't bother with them
you just need to use your imagination!
take some time alone to see if you guys are really for each other
And He says he loves me too.
so do keep your tongue to yourself . lol
If you like it then why not!
Or if you are nervous , see if you guys could play some 1 on 1 sometime.
When I can let it all go is when its AWESOME.
but we only have 1 times/day & on weekends we have 2 or 3
pinch him real hard and pinch the day before your next birthday.
tell your sis to do something for you and get rid of ur friend.
because it's fun, and it's rewarding too.
just calling me on my cell phone and let have a spring wedding, ok?
Be yourself and if they don't like it , then f**k them!
You are both adults already..... so I guess the question would be..... WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU???????
and You will most likely bleed a little , but you will be fine, it will get better.
if you do mind my asking.. you just have met the right 1..
just go out and have fun, get a free dinner, and if things happens, good.
have a conversation and give them the first 5-10 minutes to talk.
let her feel that you care for her feelings,for us it is very important . You have no idea!
or maybe you just act like you are.
it is very good now you found your best friend and you will be friends forever
you should keep liking him because you never asked him out
generally the same thing as you
THATS WHAT MESSED UP YOUR QUESTION.
you don't know what kind of crazies are out there!
!good luck I hope it works out for ya
wen the other have nothing else to say to prove his point , then you win ..
you find ways to support your argument
FOR THAT I ADVISE A SIMPLE ANSWER WHICH NO ONE LIKE ...MAKE UR GF AS your LIFE PARTNER
sorry , didn't mean to ask so many questions in my answer, just consider them retorical.
you have to wonder how much he really cares.
Everything about them, I personally like and prefer the waist, stomach and the behind goodness... Oh!
when you make the difference between infatuation and true love , not just lust!
i got jealous, when my ex - boyfriend started going out with my friend.
There's more to life than that kinda stuff...
You just have to do it.
meaning that your television or your radio wo play without a negative and a positive.
then come back a lot later.
dude, stay the heck away from this girlman....wow.
i had a guy who would always make me horny and then I'd be ready, but he'd chicken out .
A lot of guys love girls with curves.
But He is getting married this month.
guyz with a beard, guys with mustashe, or guys who shave their facial hair?
First off, don't try and be something you do not, you've got something to offer, remember that.
going to college , but keep in touch breaks weekends , the telephone internet and get your education!
It didn't cost even $100 total.
flipping a coin to see what best to do...
Then if you feel a spark , ASK HER OUT~JUST YOU TWO!!
because bad boys are frickin hot, beautiful , adventurous, and VERY VERY FUN and I love mine sooo much!!!
Why you spoil women 's lives
And still looking tired of even thinking about dating.
It It It Sounds to me like you are a comfortable pit stop!
Any girl with big tits is sexy .
UNLESS YOU'RE IN HIGH SCHOOL OR YOUNGER, THERE IS NO DIFFERENCE
oh and I do work so that is out to make him leave.
or eyeball chat so we can see each other
Don't wait until she's dragged you through the mud!
HOWEVER----i find him looking at me every now and then.
IN MY LAST RELATIONSHIP I WAS CHEATED ON.
Jerry Jerry Jerry BEAT HIS A$$
n plz thnk abt ur man-- am sure u dnt wanna hurt him too.
and I just came to terms with that myself.
if you like him give it to him
SO SWEAT THE SMALL STUFF AND BE THE BIGGER PERSON IN THE SITUATION.
Comes home when he wants.
you can download it from the website below :)
kissing him . It will tell you everything
love , Well you ca have an answer to love them there or its not
5~my di*k big 4~im single 3~im not gone tell nobody 2~i Neva ate pu**y 1~i love you.
I do - but my ex is a girl too, so what is there to do?
it does matter if a person is gay or something that does difine them.
if he is in a position of authority, it could be a great release for him!
Have fun, be safe, and keep looking!
I even thought of sending her photos to the magazine,MAXIM
they have really bad memory when it comes to dates.
Perhaps she thinks she won't find someone else.
you might want to try this: try just ignoring him for a day and talk nicely the next.
check out the site history on the computer
Give him some ***** I'm pretty sure he'll appreciate it.
Thats what women do in there!
YES, I love big round butts....
Get your boyfriend to go a little lower next time!
you have to take a risk *who dares?
take me to a concert like 1 of my fav bands... something low - key . I hate high springs
depends on how he does it.
Guys, when they are in the mood, kinda like taking off your pants and let's go!.
When you are ready to move on , lots of good people are out there (okay, some weird ones, too!).
a fire under my azz makes me really hot
well girl , if you have 5 guys all interested in you, you should be flattered, and proud.
you can't help them, they need to help themselves.
she is my sister's best friend and she likes one of my friends.
Yeah I'll talk with ya . email me uncontrollablelegend@yahoo.com
but could think like a girl like that if necessary to help with gift chosing.
risks are hard , but, you have to try.
If you mean go out, NO.
And have a follow - up talk with this same person later.
life is how you make it . Let the boys calm down on you .
I mean, you love him sure, but that is a lot to commit to for the next 80 years.
My family & friends say if I think it, it comes out my mouth!
it doesnt hurt if the guy doesnt stick IT in hard
the chick is probably lying to you, cheating on you, and worse , it probably don't exist.
eventually He will get caught start saving his own money now.
Well, find someone that you don't see on the net.
(you were talking about those kinds of balls right?)
that's how I got my girlfriend (and we've been together for 4 years now).
do do anything or have any relationship , because , as we people say , bros before hoes.
that was so geeky.... but seriously be safe!
but worn a little at a time like a pink dress shirt with some jeans...yeah, that looks good!
but making her to Luv u isn't always possible..:)
Guys and girls think differently..but you already know that.
Just play around with it - you'll figure it out.
You can't help who you love.
has someone who come up with creative idea'sss for renewing your married relationship?
i don't see anything wrong with it.
do waste your time with that one.
Think back to some of the things that got both of you going in the first place.
this is not a true question, is it ?!!!
you'r not only lazy but also an idiot.
or, I want to be close to you than we are now.
I think I can help you!!
You don't want it to end like that.
If she says no, that is her decision and she does push the safety zone.
It is not about her mom , it is between you two .
hmmm.... met him already but not sure, if we really are meant to be... lolz.
when you ca stop thinking of him/her.
it could but most likely not because you are young and so is he.
do running and tell him you love him.
PLZ PLZ help sister out!!!!!!!!!
see I like this guy , but I think this girl is really cool .
if this man is good in bed , he will satisfy you in other ways.
its called insist ummm no, you're thinking of incest, and that is only if you're related, not a friend cousin...
forget him to become my boyfriend and I promise I will never break up with you.
trying to move on . It is hard , but it would be harder if you do not move on.
No haters with this question now...
so you can read our answers but nothing else.
Sounds foolish, but works like a dream.
well, It is in no way wrong.
Badboys are edgy, they are not boring(not that many good guys are).
like when they deck out in all pink....ok, that's just gay.
First date - All the way.
your eyes can say more than your words ever could.
You sound like an idiot, you should do nothing.
Your boyfriend should tell her.
Just walking up to her and tell her.
do forget to video tape it if you do.
Instead of interupting her all of the time????
i just believe that guys can have sex even with a cow(literally)
I mean, on or off you are not hotter, dude.
there nothing wrong . They just do flirt talk , share interesting dates . Do just expect to get someone that fast .
but in the privacy of your home or in a park-let 'er rip!
and you should have to put up with it too
or looks , but at times these are important too!
you should expect the best of yourself .
no Every one is different . You ca help how you are . That 's just the way it is!!!!
by meeting someone else - someone better , hopefully.....
I'm trying to get some and my daughter is always awake.
you cannot.but all I know is, all you can do is fall in love,then get married.
well It depends on their health , their love and how sweet they are !
do what she tells you to do lol
and was planning on renting it out after she moves out with me.
French:je T'AIME SPANISH:TE AMO OR YO QUIERO I THINK..IM NOT SURE .
just wiat it will all come out all alright
I mean those hot girls can get any guy , but they just wanna be with girls.
Remember theres always more fish in the sea, easier said than done.
C'mon are you telling your best friend like he is?
we need more info in order to give you a good answer!!
Take things slow and have fun.
Just save your life and the other 2 women please.
but, do not hear about it till the weekend.
WAIT TIL YOU GET MARRIED . You HUSBAND WILL APPRECIATE THAT AND SO will YOUR BODY!
oh yeah... the answer to what temp is NORMAL... 70 - 72... that from a jersey - tempered gentleman...
hello shainne...im here in Cebu...yes,,we can be friends...shengz10@yahoo.com
Make it fun and be creative.
plus she see;s how vurnerable, and unhappy he is.
If it's not OK with her, it's really not OK, is it?
then you can address her letter once you've read it.
i really don`t care... if I wanna wear it , I just wear it, no matter what color it will be.
Eyebrows are very noticable, especially if they look like Ernies (from Sesame Street)!
sweety u nt stay wit da guy whoom u have been wit!!!
Run away, it could be dangerous!!!!!!
go with the one that is going to make you happy.
they always say they are sorry - but they don't stop...
marry him just playin just hold on to him
If you find one.....let me know if she has a sister.
i think you should be up on your toes and keep a good watch on this guy.
Telling someone you love them will never sound desperate if you really mean it.
It's been like this for almost 1 year.
I hate girl'ssssss lie, and if you are one of them 'm deleting it off!
It's just a serious thing so.
maybe a leather outfit and a soft whip?
One thing, don't have a friend do it.
girl please do be dumb and do listen to the first couple hoes above.
but right now he is confused.
Basically, I'm afraid to move on.
people break up for a lot of different reasons .
no that is just sooooooo wrong...sorry
i heard the girl on cheaper by the doson say that the guy had one of their 12 kids
I n I 'm only in 8th grade.
So ronely... so ronely and bored
I COMPLETELY FALLING FOR THIS GUY . I WOULD DO ANYTHING TO HELP HIM REACH HIS HIGHEST POTENTIAL.
WE HAVE BEEN TALKING FOR ABOUT 2 MO.AND WE BOTH CARE FOR HER.SHOULD I BRING HER OVER?
coz its also like saying go beyond the extra mile.
agree with the woman in the pink
not only her, but you and your children will too.
i just go ahead and ask him out
do you have a cell phone?
YOU JUST HAVE TO TELL THEM THAT YOU LIKE THEM . Many WILL DUMP YOU AND SOME WILL NOT.
I like her but I do know if she likes me.
and when you call him , , only talk for a few minutes?
You can look but you can't touch!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it it it it it
There are so many guys out there.
thats why someone comes with self - pleasure lol
Ask him out, kiss his cheek, instead of a hand shake , give him a hug, ect.
And I don't just mean dirty things!!
you gotta tell him to back off.
for One thing , she was popular, pretty, and taller than me.
She has to be a Christian.
bt if u r satisfied thn all i wuld say is greed is really bad .
I picking it up and just stare at it.
Don't say , Its not you, its me.
dude, what you said made absolutely no sense.....
if there is grass on the field, it is time to play ball
But I say do whatever you think looks best.
do act like you want , but try to get him to like you
or ,that we do wanna lose him , so we say it.
Get every guy something that they will like.
Hmm...cold hard cash is nice, but if they do get the looks, they might as well keep moving on.
does she sleep with you guys??
leave because he obviously n't taking the relationship seriously , so why should you
she dumped him a week ago.
I want an HONEST answer from those guys who know what 'm talking about.
do tell him, well I wouldnt, and if he likes you then he should tell you!!!
How could I fall in love.
Don't you have family, girlfriends, any hobbies like working out or watching movies or volunteering or anything!?
me and my bf has been going out for 3 months and I know he really likes me.
only if the man is not wearing granny-pants,to saggy in the back
go for it age is just a number
Try asking her to go n c a movie together.
even the greater people , we love death and we go on.
1) get rid of everything reminding urself of her.
I usually to go shopping a lot at the grocery store.
Well there is no real way to do this.
Maybe he's not really bi - he just prefers guys to you :)
both of you have to decide.
once caught , they will never ever be back on the streets again.
but theres just too much drama...
It now seems like he only pays good attention to me in bed - That would be your problem.
well I am a girl with very long hair.
Sure it is nice to wake up to a massage, but come on!
personally . I do believe in being gay,lezbein or bisexual.
Like I have a problem..........or I'm upset that.....& don't interupt until the other person is finished...It works.. try it
tell them, It's a dating service, There's lots more people in the service other than you.
than an average looking guy who looks clean and tidy and dresses well?
What if she's the worst ever in bed when the time finally comes?!
-- What did he learn from his divorce?
I would do IT with IT...
Ask him if you can both get promise rings.
Be a STRONG black man and suck it up.
Don't rush, get to know each guy better and then choose the one you think is best for you.
trying to sleep with the waiter.
it's just as hard to find the right boy!
My ex cheated on me, but I 'll always like him still.
NEVER TELL YOUR SISTER OR ANYONE ELSE!
candy and a nice hand made card ;)
go on a diet & exercise.
If working is OK.
we have been married for 5 years and have 2 great kids.
you're probably starting to see the other side of him and I'm not talking about physical stuff here.
But if you really want to get rid of him, just talk to him and say so.
!i do have anything against fruity people but you seem to be fruity yourself
you must think about why you broke up.
mr romance (and he needs to be nice, sweet, and hot)
you are going to risk your derier when you are sent to prison!!
i do know about every woman , but some can because it is not about sex.
NO She is probably already seeing someone else .
Accusing Someone cheating is a big deal!
there are a lot of people who feel OK even to exchange partners .
not today or ever----if she was intersted she would say not today, but maybe tomorrow....
PS: People matters are not easy because everyone is different in every way.
i just found out today that he is quitting this job.
you need some help... has anyone referred you to a psyciatrist??? ?
be honest and ask before somebody else takes her away...
When or have you ever had tears come down only one side of your eye?
then give her ONE rose (one is better than 3 dozen) and chocolate
It is It is PROBABLY really SWEET To yOU and POSSIBLY LIKES YOU.
Well The best thing ta do is start with something kind neutral.
i guess it's in the way they act around you.
do have sex before marriage, then you wo be disappointed .
the issue here: Maybe first change the question.
But this girl is vulnerable right now, do break up with her!
If SOMEONE FORGOT an IMPORTANT I WOULD THINK I'm NOT REALLY important OR THERE JUST USING ME.
big guy of 35 in north of China, like travel , books, TV and happy hours.
But til then go buy a vib.
I broke up w/an ex and he was still in love with me.
Do what he says he wants you to do.
honestly...they want the same as us.
LOLOL... Honey you must be dreaming!
just look at the number of couples living-in.
maybe the drive for a food supply for your children.
JUST BE YOURSELF: DON'T BE FAKE!!!!!!!!
About the nice guys finish last thing... let tell you something.
the pregnancy/abortion/adoption/keeping the baby - whatever she chooses, it's all serious and difficult and painful and expensive.
it depends on what you spent on.
Women don't go after spineless little weasels.
I see him in my spirit all the time I even once dreamed about him.
see My boyfriend moved back to his home town in N.Y. and I live in TX.
there's a word that I'm sure you've heard before... it's pedophile.
im hot too or do they just like blonds??!
if she rejects you , what is the worst thing that could happen other than you wouldn't be dating her?
Find someone who cares about you
You mean , IS Jaime going to ask rubi out?
Act like it doesn't bother you.
I'd imagine if he married you, he would love you....
no Actually it is better and longer for the both of you
She wants to wait until they are married, which isn't for another 2 or so years!
YOU CAN BE FORGIVEN, BUT REMEMBER YOUR BOYFRIEND WON'T FORGET.
*EDIT* Hey, not all women out there want power!
Otherwise, I don't think this is gonna work.
Pre-mariital sex could be a bad thing if you do not do it the right way and with protection.
If not date someone else just so every one can mean what you say.
You wake up one morning and go, who the heck are you???
Oh, did I mention we need it soon!
To send me money, even when I tell her I have enough.
I have It sucks like A biootch
If you wait , she may move on and find someone else.
Cindy is a rite . I couldnt have said it better if I wanted to
cook it better next time.. lots of luck
to late . You both have so many girls . You have to pick just one silly man
I just getting it and it really pissing me off
if not, what should I do?
You know what you are looking for in a person, you just have not found them yet.
You may love her, but ... why not get involved with someone with less bagage?
Why cant I leave this ass man i am with?
I'll be back in a few mins tho
NO, you have to get back to dating sooner or later .
I like this one girl . We were just friends.
GIVE IT A HALF AN HOUR AND GET BUSY.
but I ask myself , Why does it get me aroused?
I have seen girls kissing girls (and using their tongue) in a coffee house near me.
I BELIEVE YOU ARE A LITTLE CONFUSED ABOUT YOUR FEELINGS FOR HER.
Did you break up with her because you did something wrong?
well you shouldnt care if you are the one who broke his virginity.
I told my wife about her and she told me to do what I had to do.
Be yourself and you shouldn't have anything to worry about...
whatever it is...... take me for granted, you'll end up hurting 3 hearts..
i have the same problem with my momma getting into my business too, I just ignore her opinions!!!
It depends if you left her or she left you.
we maybe talking to our ex 1-3 times a month , sometimes not at all .
You guys are still too young to think about sexual problems anyway.
HE Maybe HE HATED you
i have no answer .... people enlighten me Why are breasts so amazing?
LOOKING to THE SAME THING THAT LED YOU TO THE FIRST RELATIONSHIP IN THE FIRST PLACE.
Right now, I love being gay.
Thank you for asking love you
no I do think she is a lesbian . I think she is just strange!!
And I know how Lesbo's can be I no one.
I hate it, Why should I do it to men?
mix them and you could have a perfect relationship
But only if you really love that person.
The Best thing to do is to ask.
But you guys just need first time off
swallow your pride and do it!!!!!!
If she's your friend and she likes girls , so what?
Yes, OK, Yeah that's all I got ooopps!!!
suck it up and deal with it.
Next time, don't be so impulsive!
it want to Let me log on to my name . I used it all the time it wanted to connect
wish to know any kind lady for friendship and happiness , Just get me in yahoo.
If so I'd be angry at him and ask him what's going on...
Sometimes Being friends with someone is way more than you could ever ask!
But please.......go talk to your friend......and soon!
EVEN THOUGH HE'S CALLING YOU BAD NAMES (RIGHTFULLY SO) HE'S STILL COMMUNICATING W/ YOU AND THAT'S GOOD.
I CLOSE MOST OF MINE WITH A HUG until THE RELATIONSHIP BUILDS STRONGER.
Asking her friends is a no,no.
I do know what to do.
anyways I wanna have fun not being stuck w/1 person when I don't like them a lot
because that is what it would be.
Don't *nag* and *whine* to him.
What is it like to be straight?
IF SHE HAS BEEN HURT BY SOMEONE RECENTLY , THEN YOU CAN ONLY BE HER FRIEND.
So far , sounds like it 's going pretty well - do rush it!
I fake once in a while, guys try so hard, and I like to reward them...
remember that both presents don't have to be extravagant.
I LIKE HIM AND EVERYTHING , BUT I THINK WE HAVE LOST INTEREST IN each other .
I could go on and on.
don't listen to jdh783,I'm way too
My mom's best friend wants to throw me a bridal shower.
Think about that the next time you tell just a little fib.
yeterday and it was the best sex ever
no because you are a LONGHORN fan and she is an USC fan!
I know you said only for women , but I hate discrimination.
tell your friend to rock on.
And impostant GET HIS PHONE NUMBER!!!!
ummm....try to ask how she feels about you.
I had a nice hot bath drawn and gave him a bath , then a massage.
15 We were together for 2 years...
tell your friend to rock on.
And impostant GET HIS PHONE NUMBER!!!!
ummm....try to ask how she feels about you.
I had a nice hot bath drawn and gave him a bath , then a massage.
15 We were together for 2 years...
if so then why would he want you to ask a question like this ?
yes , give him a chance and give him one love . Do come to us every
(but that still doesn't make her hit OK)
He went back to her without telling me and then she finally told me.
do think about it . Just do it .
Just say Look, you are a nice guy but the chemistry isn't right.
I say do do it, it's just a waste of time.
na, she'll treat you like trash .
never to young for love,wen I was 11 , I had a 16 - year old girlfriend:-).
shes probably sweet and classy, so just give her a chance.
If you wouldn't ask him, then it's inappropriate to ask her.
no fn way , it is the only truly right thing in this world .
If his last name is right guy ;)............
it just dipends on the girl.
Unless you too are a freak....RUN!
if you like him , it does matter what your friends think!
yes it takes time and other friends
$2500.00 was the cost of mine!
I might have made a mistake in my marriage, kickin' it with two girls who weren't my wife.
trying to have sex with the girl.
Of course , is the getting started . That is the hard part.
dude If you are shy like I am , you might have a hard time doing this.
then the people race;religion etc... should never be an issue .
(Most call it playing the field)
have some dignity man...world is full of girls?proposing again will leave a tag for you . That is 'desperado'
she will make up her own mind whether she will consider it or not .
Start looking at men in public.
So, brief answer is: You don`t make a girlfriend there, just acquaintances :) Otherwise it is a purely platonic relationship until marriage.
If you like him , then yeah , try it out!!!
Ah, something I forgot - sometimes you have to be a little frank.
iT SEEMS THAT YOU REALLY LIKE THIS GUY..SO PLEEEEAASSE do LISTEN TO YOUR STUPID FRIENDS!
I know it sounds like a formula but girls are hard to figure out and this always works.
I don't know which is worse?
That He doesnt want nothing with you.
and He still thinks only HE has
What if Verdale is totally wrong?
And then would you really be happy?
3 days per week , so it may be 12 per month...
because I rather spend a great time with a funny guy, no matter where we go !
Wedding gifts are more for the couple, so that would be more like household items, etc.
Oh and I'm 19 by the way.
if he ignores you like that, he's not worth it.
I love him but...I don't know!
I'm 25 and I still haven't had a girlfriend....is that weird?
love is love...justas long as it doesn't involve me , I m totally OK with it!
So I say it turned out ok.
it is best to stay true to your wife
A Good Bj is always welcome .
an abortion is a pretty traumatic thing, and she obviously thought that was her only option.
it is for his/her own good.
for eg, confess to him that you like a schoolmate.
u can do both at the same time, or at different times.
i was wrong with breaking off.
How do you deal with that?
i'm really mad at my best friend.
you should get the ring back.
because he is scared of commitment
from past experiences, my ex- boyfriend is still not over it, and it makes the matter worse.
IF I am just dating the person it seems to be OK...IF you find out , let me know...Good Luck
maybe He's freaked out that someone likes him.
Even though I still criticize them(lovingly)about his age.
Don't believe no one , no one is perfect in this world .
or tell her fake things that she wants to hear.
Nix that zero and get you a hero!
I have to agree with one answer, you can't tell if she's good at faking.
I no I 'm not heartless . I just haven't found the guy that I want 2 in 4 a while.
it never works if I try to be cool.
HOT guy who treats me best.
funny it better to have a good day .
She could only tell you yes or no.
dumb question I have ever seen...!
hot fast prolonged extra heavy duty stuff happening..
just wait for him to pop the question.
JUST LOOK AROUND . They ALL LOOK LIKE DUDES
no.... well at least mine have
i do think so at all . If your intent is honorable , then it 's all good .
you just know that she isnt interested in the same way.
but your other half is with you always.
kiss = I want to see you again.
These are all the sign's I got from that scary guy...again ran like the wind.
if you do do it, someone will.
first date-hug if you really know him-kiss
Just don't make it your priority, and you'll be OK.
go to the dictionary and look up Moil.
tell her never to take such risks like that.
if you do do it, someone will.
first date-hug if you really know him-kiss
Just don't make it your priority, and you'll be OK.
go to the dictionary and look up Moil.
tell her never to take such risks like that.
this is how I feel about my ex .
And she emailed me back trying to twist it around like it's my fault!
Why is it the first thing I go for during sex??
just normal steps and work your way back up slowly.
&talk to more people even if they're not goth.
How to get him to aprove of me?
How to tell if a girl likes you?
That not only is a lack of respect , it is a lack of Brains!!!
I gotta go there ta buy some shoes.
are we talking like a tan here?
At least there's sex (while it lasts!)
Just ignore her, don't even trip.
I thought it would be hot.
we haven't talked to each other for a while and it really sucks.
What kind of music do you listen to when you want to get in the mood
Well I do blame him, guys tend to be like that.
THIS IS GOING TO BE HARD.
email me . It's just my usename at yahoo.com Ok. Don't yell at me.
A lot of women think that their men are cheating on them even if they are not.
as long as you don't get pregnant
just ask again and if she syas it again , then ask why until you get an answer.
you just know you have a feeling in your heart that says that him that him alright!
Change the way you think about things . That's probably why she dumped you.
i will say hi to ha ha , but I would say wow that interesting
Do not try to push her.
If that doesn't get the ball rolling, you might need to move on....
listening to her and be sincere when you tell her something.
Sometimes She gets mad, and complains , but it's ok.
maybe you should go to the doctor.
not stepping up and being a man.
When you do not need to ask that question.
I have been travelling the world and you should see what I have seen in some cultures!
Clue:Try not to get them in the 1st place :o)
Don't let anyone put them down.
Chocolates and flowers, plus a tender love Kiss!
He just wants you to be happy if he really loves you.
no...but my friends did...she was soooo sad!!
to Some it's fine, others it wrong.
Personanilty, because that's what lasts, looks don't always last.
See if there's any wrong actions that you might do, but you actually don't realize.
Every guy is like either my girlfriend or not a friend at all . It really sucks.
don't dress too messy or else people will think you're weird.
Life is full of suprises though.
it's awesome that you care about her and want to help.
Like Moi, I went out with someone for 3 yrs and I'm his friend now.
If some breaks your heart . Will you ever stop loving them
I cared about him very much , but I just knew he wasn't the one I wanted to be with.
it's like she does care about my friendship anymore.. Why's that?
Yes, and When you least expect it.
be yourself what I do.
= ) hope your friends are good friends.
or should I ask her to marry me before college and then get married during or after college?
Even if most guys don't like cigars too much , it's fun to get a gift like that.
if He is very curtious and sexy
LET BOTH KNOW THAT YOU WILL DARE OTHERS AND DATE BOTH AND SEE HOW IT GOES
sex before marriage is a good thing to do.
what matters most is what's inside and , most of all , he is good looking , right?
using your legs is better than your back.
she's not a sykic after all.
if you think you love her , you should ask her out...duh.
but it could be different for you.
I'm obsessed with latinas - they're hot!
Please clarify...do you mean cheat their wives?
can I contact him without looking like a complete fool.
no one is perfect in this world
And then they don't have a choice
nothing would happen, every if important for love
First doing the job and then ask your best friend:what do I do now.
Have a great time and congrats on being picked !!
my shortest day , which was my 1st.
My mom, mentor, caretaker, surpermama, 1 of my bfs, oh and BOSS!
its f***ing AGAINST NATURE, Adam AND STEVE STORY
yes, It is very heart warming & it gives me great pleasure/
That would look really funny, too!
It's all a trust issue, I'm not entirely sure I trust him, but he probably did.
Is the woman I'm marrying a psycho?
see what they can get, they only want one thing
Yeah tonight I 'm going out with some friends.
If not, leave her, and don't be afraid to!
'Hey, ya wanna hang out at the mall this weekend...
It it It is good to believe him in a happy life .
YOU BE THE BEST YOU CAN BE AND LOVE UNCONDITIONALLY.
and Some of us are very comfortable with it.
Buy two and go with him . It's HUGE FUN!
I didn't know what they all did but I sure do.
people times say that they are , but then in a few years from now they end up apart.
Easy to say and it's polite.
but I will still let him know how much I care about him or her.
YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO SAY NO.
Yeah,why not,if they like the guy
Depends on how well you know him and like him.
Did she stick an alkaseltzer tab up there?
and I left room for errors.
Probably cheaper because everyone has a barbecue
My brain's fried...and I'm a bit loopy.
and When you are ready , you will tell her everything.
is everything OK between the two of you?
The between your breasts is sure to please your man!
It's not hard to find the right girl at all!
If not , then don't worry about it . He doesn't have a crush.
if he actually waits for you , then you know that he truly loves you.
I don't really think that age should matter.
you I think are his wife .
Guys do it too , but I think not as much as females.
And My teacher told me not to listen to strangers.
Not unless she is nice enough to give it back.
Depends if you get 2 see her Daily.
If he is lying or being honest , you will know.
go up to her and say: I like you.
go on with your life, what's kg?
Well I am 6'2'' tall he's not !
- This prevents getting hurt
Due to your new info , then Id say No don't go out with him, It will only end worse
in a store with condoms in one hand and viagra in the other
He didn't have a reason , but just said, I think we should just be friends.
you shouldn't is this Leana Valeros?
maybe She has some personal problems,
So the way I look at it , you might as well be happy .
It is because I want it badly . That all I fantasize about
If it takes away from her, then its cheating.
but I never agree, I knew we were only friends.
maybe She has some personal problems,
So the way I look at it , you might as well be happy .
It is because I want it badly . That all I fantasize about
If it takes away from her, then its cheating.
but I never agree, I knew we were only friends.
This isn't something anyone on Yahoo!
you will have a reverse experience with me .
Lol, I got one in 1st grade, but that doesn't really count.
you should get rid of them.
SOme might even think its sexy!
Give your love as much as you can.
WITH THESE IN MIND, i c no reason y premarital sex should not be allowed...:)
you have many boyfriends ahead of.
UHHH.........Maybe if you been chatting a lot , then meet with her one day to see how she looks...DUH!!
i'll give you one advice to keep hanging for his girl and earn some trust
And what would you have done if you had gotten pregnant?
Guys seem to like what they can't have.
i do know , ask your boyfriend.
Or show up in only a raincoat & nothing else (not even shoes)?
move on to the next girl.
i hardly ever see him in school either . Usually I see him at my brothers ' basketball games
Some guys will say yes just for the heck of it.
Tell her something funny that happened at school.
as long as I keep my mouth shut and have no opinion things are good-for him.
Turn off the T.V.,sit yourselves down,and start talking!
so they can offer more points.
and ladiez if you have any idea why you have the power??
but He still didn't tell me.
Hmmm - I would call her back.
i want a boy that has respect for me and likes to party with a girl
No I do think they are.
you are a male cyber whore - I should bitch slap you .
But once I'm interested they disappear .
I don't want my name showing on the yahoo messenger list . How I show my screen name instead
Do think it is right.
Maybe you married a child...not a grown man.
I listening to the CDS I love find a song that relates to your life and meorize the words!!
no If you really love them , you wouldn't let them go .
if you have to bait him into it then it is not really him wanting to.
or maybe he's looking at gay porn and doesn't want you to know.
i recently broke up over the phone on the guys ' break from work.
yeah get a small flake of metal in there.
If she gets embarrassed, it's OK.
i want to be with someone who wants to be with me just the way I am.
you ca trust someone you are chatting with
give up trying to date her - plenty of fish in the sea :-)
jut get it figured out , so you don't get hurt in the end .
eventually they'll get over themselves and realize what they are missing.
stop being gothic . What's the deal is any way , looking like the dead.
You can't if she's a good actress.
Can anyone help me out to define love
Go with the one that is nicest, and the one you like the best.
well , if you love her , apparently , do hate her or vice versa.
Don't have your hopes up too much.
Smell like a goat in heat?
Yes I can totally tell by the way you typed.
depends on what your conscience thinks.
if you are over 18-20 . give it a try , but do not rush to anything.
I I have wondered about this and after what Bradd said... Jessica Alba
They are the one missing out.
Guys will always be around , but youthfulness won't.
If you don't there could be a BIG mess.
You don't come home one day and say oh I learned how to love.
How do YOU SET UP A PERFECT 1 NIGHT STAND?
DO NOT take her to a movie or dinner.
I'm not saying that is right...I'm just say that that what IS, sometimes.
by the way , its ok for a girl to ask the guy out . Actually it is becoming more common.
Its like they always want all or nothing.
don't do that to yourself, him, or her.
Definately get roses, lots of them.
it didn't go any farther than a 5 second kiss.
that should be fine , but how old are you?
IT MAKES US ENJOY SEX MORE
That drives me up a frikkin wall!
Definately get roses, lots of them.
it didn't go any farther than a 5 second kiss.
IT MAKES US ENJOY SEX MORE
That drives me up a frikkin wall!
You: -thinking if she's asking you to eat a bowl of jell-o- Yessums!
now, I still have feelings for him, and I haven't gone out with anyone since.
Stop looking so hard she is probably right in front of you...
ask the girl to pay for dinner
brunnetes, the girl I like has brown hair!
Is YOU ARE JEALOUS OF A PICTURE?
when they got all upset about that, he responded Hey, just kidding, I'm only gay!
Im pretty close to being 23.
they want someone who listens, cares, and caresses.
Just be there for her and be her friend.
If you don't like him , say oh well , good for you . I don't care!
were a little cocky here aren't we??
Don't EVER ask your mate to do something you wouldn't do first.Ever.
Try going out on dates again!
ok , do some other exercise and do good exercise
skinny,a nice stomach is a major turn on
because almost all the girls have a boyfriend , so that means there are no more boyfriends
cool to be in an open - minded relationship...i am too.
if you are looking for someone , you should call them chicks
or HOW do YOU SET UP A PERFECT 1 - NIGHT STAND?.
The The bigger the breasts , the more fertile the woman is...
Some women learn this, others do not.
It is a pretty messed up concept.
Just because you are gothic though doesnt mean you should hang out with only gothic kids.
I am already doing IT with the one I love.
Maybe it a possibility, especially when you smile Iy could be love!
If you like him go out with him, but if not don't.
are you mad cuz he spends money on these sites?
(Someone I know propsed in the bathroom... just wondering if anyone else had other crazy ideas.)
I hope you are a keeper!
Guys never mind girls showing interest.
I don't really care about looks, but I do like nice people.
I hope this helps in some way . Take care..... of
but a lot of times I prefer sucking to f***ing
But do start it off like that.
just a few seconds when I was born...my mom was the first to kiss me...
Didn't care about being promoted, etc.
Hey, I advise you to pray.
in detail,is it necessary to fall in love.cant you escape it.
i mean WHOEVER SAID THAT SEX WAS ONLY FOR MARRIED PEOPLE??
Well you have been married long enough to ask him what was bugging him.
It's my bad habit, I can't help it, they taste good!
He said yea..BUT what if she's the best?
U WILL drive TO THE END WITH THAT PERSON and wo HAVE TO THINK TWICE.
he is my brother 's friend , so I ca get away from him
winter if you are on a budget.
Can you say polygamy one man two wives... read , learn , try it .
umm...chocolate but do give her a lot . It might be an insult to her...ummm...flowers would be the best choice!
but I think the reason it is so different is because men do get all loose and sloppy.
a lot of couples have sex without talking about marriage at all.
lol, This is a tough question.
The The only thing is he is 62 .
I know why you're so obsessed with us Mijo!
it is just showing that you would like to be friends.
my OK, I met my boyfriend over the internet . He is a tennessee and he is in Atlanta.
Guys want what they can't have.
Many of my friends have this problem...
Nothing to hold on to... to control.
can't go wrong with attention and presents!
hmmm, I only have one partner.
IF HE KNEW THESE GUYS, HE was SO HUMILIATED.
they testing you to see how much they are going to get away with.
well...ask him: I need to relax with some friends for once.
holy crap, you should feel guilty.
-- Has he forgiven his ex-wife?
not too many men ask their wifes this I know.
There relationships , There have to be 2 way.sssss
Can you see yourself spending the rest of your life with them?
Slowly...first you get a paying job.
She may like you too!
well They are a bit different.
Going from guy to guy until he finally pops your cherry!!
me and my partner spend most of our free time in bed!
TRUE LOVE IS WHEN ITS ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE FOR you TO BE WITHOUT THAT SPECIAL SOMEONE.
or making a big mistake in your life?
He using your diamond, what a loser!
cause you could just seduce him with some skin.
Give him a night out with the boys first.
Why worry about what other people think?
This ain't Burger King, you're not always going to have things your way.
because they feel you have takin their child from them.
well then they never have time for you.
My husband was 18 and I was 22 when we got married.
If he is not sorry and didnt tell you , then no
not today and most likely .
You just got dumped dude, it's over.
Has she flirted with you
Valentine's Day............ the day of love.....
show people you have your own style.
I say good for you if you want to wait.
Is it Match.com, eharmany, lavalife... who?
Is it because your dad is looking and right now he seems to be losing the battle?
just ask her out and give her something nice.
But, what if one person is that way and the other is not?
because you're gonna give me 10 wonderful points ;)
Trust me girl, If he loves, you he never freeks out on you...!
it cud b jus 1... ur mom... she wont cheat , lie or break your heart whatever you do...
they want a guy who wants to treat them like crap and respect them
Are you comfortable in your own skin??
I asked her to coffee and she said yes.
Trust me girl, If he loves, you he never freeks out on you...!
it cud b jus 1... ur mom... she wont cheat , lie or break your heart whatever you do...
they want a guy who wants to treat them like crap and respect them
Are you comfortable in your own skin??
I asked her to coffee and she said yes.
There you go - problem solved.
She cheating on you in that way.
if you do like it as much as you do with Chris.
IT SOUND LIKE YOU NEED TO HAVE A LONG HEART TO HEART WITH HER.
Don't let them get to you, because they're just putting you down.
Girls too like and enjoy talking about sex.
Heck that can get back to normal almost immediately if you want.
'm assuming he 's your age , right?
THIS IS YOUR DAY, TAKE YOUR TIME AND SEE WHAT COLORS AND DIFFERENT STYLED DRESSES COMPLIMENT each AND YOU!
you should be able to answer that question yourself .
Girls too like and enjoy talking about sex.
Heck that can get back to normal almost immediately if you want.
'm assuming he 's your age , right?
THIS IS YOUR DAY, TAKE YOUR TIME AND SEE WHAT COLORS AND DIFFERENT STYLED DRESSES COMPLIMENT each AND YOU!
you should be able to answer that question yourself .
i have a gf but if you want to talk lilcountskid
well if it is the bed , then use wd40 on the hinges where the pole meet.
TRUE LOVE IS WHEN you WILL DO WHATEVER FOR THAT PERSON NO MATTER WHAT.
it is kind of important when you hang with someone you love.
After that, if she pays you no attention , she probably just is not interested.
Why do girls talk about boys?
get to know him first in person.
Get off the internet and find a girl!
There are lots of looking jocks out there looking for a beautiful lady!
flowers, candy, romanic dinner, jewelry if you have deep pockets!
If sex is bad , then it sure feels good to be bad.
when butterfly flies in your stomach.
buying new clothes and start going back to the gym
If she doesn't have those, then no.
do you: a) break up with her b) stay together and forget the whole thing?
Yeah, I hope you didnt do it!!
Just don't have sex just to have it.
u have to be careful toooooooooo...... .
if you ask him with a believing heart.
If he loves you than why in the world would he want you to marry someone else?
i get worried when I think if she says me 'NO'.
so, imagine my surprise when I got home and found his wife down on my roommate!
you're mind is not clear right now!
Wow, I could use the $1 mil... but lose a marriage?
I was not her pick to marry her son.
looks can fade; personality usually doesn't
IF NOT , THEN WE CAN MOVE ON TO THEIR PERSONALITY.
You don't want it to be that way.
she going out with a really awesome guy.
And from her friend . It was a mistake!
Do some nice things for her.
figure out if mark is the one , then if he is ......go for it!
You don't want it to be that way.
she going out with a really awesome guy.
And from her friend . It was a mistake!
Do some nice things for her.
figure out if mark is the one , then if he is ......go for it!
ya I think you are in Luv...be Happy
HEAL ALL WOUNDS,SO GIVE HER TIME.
Tell him you will have sex with him....guys love that.
being daddy's little girl , He has given me the freedom to be myself.
Listen you do what you want.
If you love her more , then you shouldn't have a problem making her feel special.
this is such a stupid question.
if you like , someone pass her a note sometime or get a hold of her e-mail and phone #.
(it's not that I think it's gross, it's just nobody likes me)
date someone because you want to be with them, not because they are lonely.
he needs to do it on his own.
I fall in love every day!
BUT AN OLDER WOMAN WOULD BE MY CHOICE, I'm 22 YEARS OLD.
TO BE HONEST WITH YA SOME FEMALE CONTRACEPTIVES CAN MAKE THIS HAPPEN...GOOD ?
If you loved him like you were supposed to , you would not have to ask this question.
Bu Tif you like him , I don't know what to tell you to tell him
Sex on the first date...hmmm...yea it's turned off.
no - she keeps the ring.
i'll expect that he'd make up for it (hint, hint)
I have been told it just adds enjoyment to the night out... yea alright..
I I I totally agree with heavytrafficman, It is so true what he said . I could not answer it better myself.
i wanted for them to like me so much, but it just wasnt so.
second - what is in premarital sex?
I want her to love me like I love her.
and the other thing is understanding.
How hard is it to find the right guy?
i used to think he was an idiot, but now I 'm interested.
Don't come here to whine, You know that all women are users, just get used to it.
My longest relationship was 7 1/2 years and I'm only 29. crazy, huh?
If you miss her and it was your fault!
no you as a person know when you are ready to meet you talk about your own person!!!!!!
My best friend is a straight guy and I am gay.
plus They are warm and soft ha ha.
It might help to know your age!
!..OR WHAT..THEY FEED YOU, BUY YOU CLOTHES ETC.
maybe I don't know them though .
people like the little game of hard to get.
because the guy was just straight foward or crocked type.
I I I personally do not think it does.But think about it :o)
Lets try to rephrase the question by asking: what makes/helps women reach orgasm??
U should wait til both of you guys are doen with all of that.
Your CHILDREN NEED YOU AND YOU SHOULD BE THERE FOR THEM
`` Try by asking this: Do I LIKE him OR DO I LOVE THIS GUY?
Im a guy, Ill tell you.
But if you do get out there and look you will never really get over your ex.
No You should not go ahead with her.
i dating this man where I work.
but know this, no matter what you do , only time can heal all your wounds!
we Girls will always remain a mystery to guys.
do what I did and marry a cop....lol
This will eventually come out, Don't hide secrets and stuff, People always find out.
TRY THIS to BE HONEST ABOUT WHY.
Spice up your life with your wife.
make him see that you only like him as a friend.
(yes 'm bitter Leave me alone)
Get that out of him and make your judgement call
I didn't really like it back then.
Well, What are you waiting for?
STILL LIKE BEING A GOTH AS LONG AS you DRESS a GIRLIE GIRL
if she's making too much noise
precious, I'm 30 & still over doing it.
TRY HAVING HIM DO IT HIMSELF FIRST .
i do know but, why n't they go out with me either??!!!
If the girl is really Asian (like Asian born and bred), the guy has to be smart...
when you think/feel like talking/calling someone . The first person who comes to your mind is this person.
no It is not wrong, but unwise.
Yup there are plenty of us here.
Who wants to spend the rest of their life accomodating anyone?
WATCH Porno WHILE you are GETTING BUSY . That WOULD GET HIM GOING
she didn't tell me any I found out from a girl she hates!
i don't have any expeience about dating.
im goin through the same thing.
TRUE FRIENDS LOOK OUT FOR someone
one day one time, fate will bring you together . My sister
well you should try to stand out in the crowd but do flirt with him.
And If it is you , then use the gag
YAAAA AND HE IS A STUD =)
Cause they have the upper hand then and they know it...
definetly Angelina, I would turn lesbian for that sexy ass woman!
you going to an arcade, you 're bound to meet someone.
be careful, you can get std's from female juices too!
i don't really think anyone can be sure that they are in love.
HE LIED ABOUT HOW HE FEELS EITHER BECAUSE HE DOESN'T WANT TO GET HURT OR HE JUST WANTS SOME.
A boy , you have to make notice you, a MAN already has!
you should press your lips over hers ( then you should open your mouth just a little-or a lot)
Or did he just drop in on your front porch?
explain to her what she did was wrong and why it was wrong.
but most of the time , if you have a friend , a girl who could like you too.
Good Luck huntin' for that G-Spot.
I acked like I loved him and she treated him like he's her slave.
when you can think of nothing but the other person, and you get a funny feeling in your tummy.
Forget about her if you love her or even care about her . Do not get her involved.
Hang in there girl ... God has a purpose for everything ...
my My problem is what if I run into him again?
sleeping with a girl just to experience it.
i'm not in the mood or feign asleep.
God provides lots of good things!
not to sound selfish...but you come first
yea and he is so very sweet
tell them that you are a saint and you are not allowed to kiss other person... XD
But yet not wait till I get married.
I think they have one in Cali!
I wouldnt, I have a lot of gothic friends and I do exactly call myself gothic at all.
Guys have different masks, women do to though.
He probably likes you too , but he's shy about going for it .
to tell the truth , don't know.
if my mom did that I would dumo him , but obviously he doesnt givea shhittt
Does she touch herself while talking to you
you to test the couch.
don't eat sugar and no more sodas.
The Lazarus cooler name Verdale sounds like a pussy .
or c. move to a different province?
no crying your eyes out more than once a day.
hell No you should be really rude .
I would say 5 to 6 .
If her marriage is so bad , then she should get out of it.
no, because what if my soulmate was located in the middle of mongolia traveling in a band of nomads?
YEAH YOU HAVE TO GIVE US MORE TO GO BY.
if he says no , he's probably making a bad mistake.. You are probably really nice.... Good luck!!
im just wondering if blondes really do have fun lol
A promise ring is a sure way to doom your relationship, I've seen it too many times before!!
If YOU DON'T CHOOSE ONE , YOU WILL END UP losing BOTH.
for me and my husband , it was better this way.
But if you really want to get with him , then go 4 it!
is this your first gf ever?
It You , It seems too nice for that.
- What about you makes her so crazy?
Look for the ones that do, (what)
If it's gonna cost me money, I want a younger man, not an older one!
Besides...if the person is funny...that sense of humor...might allow him/her..to dress up cuter..or at least put a mask on...=P
take a vacation or go do something for you!
OK, I admit, I'm a perfect fit.
Go for it , but just if you really like him !!
i used to run around like an idiot trying to appease everyone and I was wearing myself down.
if you look, you wo find. it
Remember 3 things, 1) there is a big difference between love and lust.
Don't fall for the first jerk you see.
i want to have more gothic or punk friends . How I meet them ?
I normally talk to myself, but talking to God is a better idea . I 'm sure
it's just something about the way you asked....mmm..no
Watch a woman who is good at it.
if it too overwhelmin to ya , then just ask her out.
Ive known him for like ever.
I still asking myself why he broke up with me.
when you think he likes you back
romantic- 20 years friends- 36 years
and large is when you want to just f u c k !
And When my dad got remarried , he gave me a watch, with a message engraved on the back!
hide it 4 . As long as you can
Ever heard of Play hard to get?..
If you are so honest , Why do you have a picture of a girl avatar?
If your not married , then it sounds like your boyfriend is the jealous kind.
if people are judgemental and those who are gonna b. You do need to worry about dem.
or is it because you want one for your dad?
you should get some mighty fine reactions, and then see what happens.
And now I don't know what to do, because I really love my sister.
but I find it true love , then leave it . I mean , are you just like this boy.
singin...doe, a deer, a female deer..... hee hee
You don't have to be enemies.
repot it or brake up with her
You don't have to be mean, you just have to be strict.
don't go just by the way he looks.
It would be crappy if she didn't want a part.
In your heart ;) Remember, you get what you give;
SOUNDS TEMPTING, BUT THE ANSWER ALWAYS ENDS UP TO A NO!NO WAY!
there are girls out there than have no problem going out once and then going back to your place.
the the the The Youngest 2 = Page Boys , the Older two = Grooms Men / Ushers!
i lik the obi wan Kool Star wars
have you ever experienced love or what you thought was love before?
how would you feel if your 15 year old sister was going out with a 26 year old man?
If you don't like them, then tell them that!
yes , can be trusted , but if you can't look beyond that, move on
That will be the best revenge :)
just flirt and ask questions that you have in your head and from whatever she says , take your desision
Plus not so much a chance for tornadoes
If it feels like something isnt right, probably isn't!
We still talking and he has asked me out again.
Or what ever she's not happy with her-self?$MERGE_SPACE$MERGE_SPACE
Men are not that different from women.
BE GLAD IT'S NOT A REAL WOMAN AND YOU ARE APT TO DRIVE HIM TO ONE.
and what if he refuses to talk after that or gives me a piece of his mind.
LOL j/k I have no idea.
OF COURSE , YOU SHOULD TELL THEM.
we're all bored . Sometimes, there'a always something fun about somebody.
I feel horrible about this , but I wont date a guy shorter than me.
there really is no good way to do it.
I think he still has that girlfriend but I don't care.
Wait to say I love you.
I should know I have a BoyFriend!!!!
do what you think is best.
if you think he is hot, then go for it and be with the boy!
go go go lol . try dating another female if you feel comfortable and relaxed . Ull know what to do.
then I had my 4th , which was 2 weeks.
i am totally single and definitely not gay, and do drink.
otherwise have a wonderful time . :)
a full day at the spa
KEEP IN MIND IMM THIRTEEN AND A BIG FLIRTER
then I had my 4th , which was 2 weeks.
i am totally single and definitely not gay, and do drink.
otherwise have a wonderful time . :)
a full day at the spa
KEEP IN MIND IMM THIRTEEN AND A BIG FLIRTER
I think we are all just looking to have more fun in our lives!!!
They will give you a TON of info on that.
The question is, DO YOU LIKE TO DO IT?????
At any rate, I don't really dig rich guys, I don't think, unless they're well-mannered and attractive.
Could some body give me a great big WOW!!!!!!!
if so, then it would be rather easy to ask the girl out.
or maybe he's just plain mean.
Do you know the girl that you like?
do forget that no matter how our mother looks, but we always love her more than the others.
And with webcams, camera phones etc.
Course , my problem is they always want to go out with me, never want to just be friends.
my my my my Well my My friend is goth e-mail . her dollonesk8@yahoo.com
`` Ask her, if she didn't like you as that, why did she say she did?
then you can cut out fast food restaurants for a while.
i'm intersting in now what would be the best thing to do shave, or wax?
but we in general do not discriminate
If your guy has a sense of responsibility and is mature , like you say , give it a chance.
At least that's what I think.
Yahoo Personals is pretty cool as well...
does the verdale guy like you too?
is But is the charm I have is that I ALWAYS admit when I am wrong . Good luck
Then his girlfriend gets pregnant and has a baby.... she still doesn't leave him.
Can a black man and a white woman be happy?
You MUST meet him first !!!!
sending a letter about your love
Have you heard about that girl who was harrassed by her new computer met bf?
get the drift, if they haven't had sex for a few days more.
How he makes you feel?
There are other people, 'm sure, that do judge you just because you dress or act gothic.
i love to go shopping and go to the movies.
cooking him a good dinner , took him out of town , spent money and time with him .
no it isn't and yes she can if she wants to
-Friends who I can actually trust (I realized that friends aren't always what they seem to be.)
Baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me... no more.
You need to leave her... you have a life to live.
I know, crazy, but it always works for me with guys.
If you have a singles club at church . That would be good too.Good Luck!
you can do so if you love each other.
i actually kissed my gf when I was 16.
Nope and I'm just a GIRL aged 10.
Second step, tell her she's the one you're dreamin of.
Why not is more like it !!
Were with him the whole 20 years???
You don't know if you don't ask!
dude be careful with Russian girls.
Hell, if you like him that much, kiss him.
If he loves you, that 's his problem, not yours if you do love him back.
DUMP HIM Honey He IS A LOW - SELF - ESTEEMED PRAT.
Slow it down a little though.
well I hope I helped some.
either A) They don't want to look like wimps.
There there There is no certain color Duh
Really weak , too much time to worry about it anyway.
propose 2 Another sexy & hot girl.s
Do things she likes and think you wouldn't do normally do.
then again, she could say yes and you guys will go out and have a great time.
15, but I 'm still only 15 , so I do really know yet
So there is a message to all u young teens out there who DON'T HAVE SEX!!!!
wait until you are in a stable relationship with a loveing partner!
Excitarse sexualmente, hacerse lascivo o lujurioso.
Austrailian guys can do no wrong
then, you can love something else and you'll find something or so that is worth your very special attention...
At least my mind thinks I am...
If they do, you don't want to be with them anyway.
i just love her so much.. much help would be appreciated...
when they have a boner, its 6 and a half inches
I do think there is any way you can cheat people when you use different names.
you feel it inside your heart
Don't tell anyone I told you.
Why do I need to think about it 24/7?
when you're lonely and you have nothing to do, you want to talk to someone,ryt?
But it depends on your culture ...
Why does it drive us men crazy?
this is what you should do.
just watch out and make sure that he loves you or you will be heart broken
it sounds like you did something wrong enough for him not to have faith in you.
you can also just feel it inside you
Use your head on this one (the one that sits on your shoulders)
They gotta be skinny, but not too skinny.
Maybe he is cheating because he just no longer cares???
I'm a girl so you better read this.
tell him how you feel, unless you are a coward.
If you are serious about this girl, then don't allow her to become a missed opportunity.
I was like...20...it was not too late, though
buy some rope and use it
I guess it must be ......
Why does a woman want to run a man 's life and still be happy?
here 1 thing................grls do ask boys out.. its kinda like you being the boy and asking the girls out.
and medium is good for when you want to make love.
You normally have to pay a lot & then usually they don't work.
I looked at them and felt how gross they were that they weren't my wife.
sorry about this question . It's my first vibe.
Try finding out different things about the girl like where she hangs out and who she hangs out with.
Are YOU a girl and just want to know this?
I mean , come on , give me a break.
but I want to date one girl.but when I meet her I don't know how to say.i it forget everything
i think it the dreaded broken dick syndrom.
is well is you should not know us .
i know those types all too well.
Love is a strong word, Are you sure he means it ?
And you're even thinking about MARRIAGE and you never even see the guy for real ??
trying to sleep with the female
She's probably with another guy already
I do know if you tell me... I'm guessing yeah.
If he says he is sorry.
maybe He's not really feeling it.
J/K No offence Jayson, I couldn't resist.
Thats it... your sense of humor has much improved ...BUDY
I know from experience, you just have to wait!!!
wat I like him that much?
it will find you and only then at that moment will you know you are in love.
cuz he's a jerk, trying to get over probably the best thing that ever happened to him = U
One thing you don't do is send a friend to ask for you.
I do not want to be too mean cuz I don't want them to hate me.
it wouldn't be any fun if they weren't
Just have confidence when you ask.
No thanks 'm taken moment.
When I had a good girlfriend 2 years ago , I got a special kiss from her
NEXT TIME, DON'T PUT YOURSELF IN A SITUATION WHERE YOU MIGHT BEHAVE LIKE THAT.
hitting him in the head . say HEY YOU BOY I am over here .
because males have much more testosterone than female...sssss
But what if she does go with you?
Can a boy & a girl enjoy premeritalsex?is Is advisable?
Maybe She's just pissed off with you.
The The funny thing is my first husband diied and 2 years later , I had a son together.
But what if she does go with you?
If you only like him sometimes!!
Can a boy & a girl enjoy premeritalsex?is Is advisable?
Maybe She's just pissed off with you.
But I say love is better.
Nope, you sure do nor do you get anything else you gave her back, they where gifts!
Or did you break up with her because she did something wrong?
when you are , you wo have to ask....
i have been asking the same question for years.
men seem to have a weird way of showing their hurt.
But don't dump it all on him at once.
tell her what you feel and want to keep your private life private.
It might be because your not looking..Email me at killer_sheep_1
You for a $1 if I didn't love the one I was with.
What if the one you fall in love with has one like that.
if he asks you to take him back, reject his @$$!
i am a girl so I will know.
spend enough time with someone and you will know.
HEY You ARE JUST FINE, THERE is NOTHING WRONG WITH YOU.
Or you could always try plucking the hair.
if not , you better deal with it.
because they are both good people.
>dinner >arcade >park >bar >coffe shop >beach >mall
don't change who you are , just to please people.
A little crazy but not free
What the heck did you spend the money on?
seduce him first, it might help.
He has a saying: Strangers ****, Boyfriends and girlfriends have sex But husbands and wives make love .
just say, I think u r hot . will go out with me.
And, obviously you didn't love her enough to say no.
Guys don't see this as 'wrong', so they don't know that it hurts.
theres somebody 4 both of you guys (girls).
its not a bad . fact , I do it when my partner wants put out .
better rub your eyes and take a second look.
Anyone heard of baby daddies and STDs?
you should propose to him with an easy way out , so it doesnt sound like an ultimatum
(Might say it was a strong one!)
which ever one makes you feel beautiful
i'm not 100% sure , but I'm think it was probably just a mistake.
You can love someone a lot but still not be ovsessed w/ them or it!
You can go back to school or whatever you want... you just have to have a supportive spouse!
at times you may ignore these people too.
Not all men are that way.
at 12 on New years Eve I kissed one of my guy friends cause I was pretty drunk.
fart on both of them and see which one of them takes it better.
thats 5 years and Demi moore is like 50 and ashton kutcher is like 25.
THE THING IS I HAVE A BOYFRIEND!!
yes, women actually do enjoy sex, especially if they have a great partner!!
That is like asking what colored car goes the fastest, dude.
either way, there is a reason you two are just friends.
to get real kisses you ought to be in love.........and I have not met my real love yet
The one you have a REAL commitment to!
broke up with her boyfriend and went out with my crush!
Space and trust (the harder question is what do women want from men!?!?!)
yes , ask her loved one first . That way you get into trouble .
Go to See's candy and pick up her favorite sweet.
If she is not red & moist enough.....
quit beating your meat, if ya want kids someday
pain is love, until you learn more about yourself
GODD PURR . YOU NEED TO SHUT UP>!
a rose (or her favorite flower) and a card is a good idea.
but what he said to me really really hurts.
I do KNOW WHAT to DO!
All three of the boys attended and two of my dearest friends and this made it that more special.)
No matter how bad the other person might be, it takes two to tango.
by the way, using all caps makes you look really ignorant and stupid .
you explaining your situation to all the other women out there asking why men cheat.
No, you TAKE the ring back!
Yea, I know it is bad, but I am in love with Chris.
don't do anything you do not do
Could have been having troubles at home and it was her way of getting even with her hubby.
Think about that before you let him come back.
Don't feel too bad if you do
i suppose some men are irresponsible and immature , but a real man who is really in love doesn't cheat ,
I hope it wasn't , because you might need to change your screen name!
2. Maybe he does love you .
um....ask him to let you see.
just go up to him and ask
you don't, get used to it . I think she loves you and only wants the best.
if you do it without her consent, she might get mad, even if he says yes.
He asked his girlfriend to marry him, she yes, and she seemed really happy.
Good luck , whatever you choose to do with your life!
you want to get its answer , so see the bollywood film GARAM Masala* . U WILL GET your ANSWER .
look for the subtlest hints.. but do wait too long to tell her how you feel about her.
My neighbor guy is nice, funny, and just perfect.
In my experience..no one can trust my ex-husband..I'm just afraid the girls he's around don't know it yet.
you need to ask yourself, where is this relationship gonna go?
My sex life is non-existent, because I just found that my boyfriend goes both ways:(
Budy... It is so easy if you want to become; 1.
i am comfortable with who I am.
After coffee , take a walk somewhere interesting where there will be lots of things to talk about.
stand up for yourself and just say it.
Or are you just not doing it right?
I NEEDED A GOOD LAUGH FOR THE DAY .
If they tried to explain , I would listen but , of course , they would have to make up for it.
you must get over your shyness to talk to her.
you can get an erection , mostly any naked girl, but to love her really keeps it up
I think you know the answer to this question, lady!
DON'T PUSH THIS SITUATION . It COULD END UP being A DISASTER.
and my wife and I need our privacy} That should do it...
Tee hee hee... (Yeah, they were butterfly kisses, but still!)
The The easiest way to make your life a living hell is to marry for money .
you will find a guy to love you . You love him.
my girl if you love me . Please contact this e mail moona_nisha@yahoo.com
Tell her What you love about her.
Maybe you are asking the wrong question...
it was kind of an internet romance but we both felt as if we were falling in love.
YOU KNOW WHAT YOU LIKE AND WHAT YOU do LIKE.
just put yourself in his shoes , I guess.
ok first things first... Is he even looking?
What the worst that could happen?
Men are not some game you play for fun and prizes.
if you are sure, go ahead
Girl you run from them cuz they are not the one you are dateing
If you don't want a husband there, then you want something else... and that is just wrong.
He would talk to me last year , but not this year .
when you cross your eyes 4. but normally 2
And I'm sure, it was like that for me too.
But, she is dating your crush, right?
thinking of it like this......would you buy a car without test driving it first???
heck.. This Chica can't even VOTE yet!
If it a once in a while occurence, just strictly cyber no chatting I think its OK.
AND NEVER EVER DO IT AGAIN!
in a place where there is a crowd of beautiful , sexy and seductive women.
So, what she was saying was Yeah!
sorry dude, be more careful in the future
In my teen years, I found that it actually works the other way around.
I not saying it is ok to do it but you also got to respect ur man.
if he doesnt remember he is probably a pervert because he might ask a lot of girls out!
He's too nice to say hey, GO AWAY!
just pull his arms over your shoulders like doing a piggy back ride.
what is so wrong with calling them that?
thats five years , not 4 gee smart ones
If she was just playing hard to get , then try again but at a later time.
if she 's worth it , she will
because if its what I think , then this would be some crazy racist question.
I robbed the craddle, was her high school sweetheart.
I do LIKE BEiNG CALLEd THAT every day , especially AROUND OTHERS.
might save your marriage , then you might not.
If he says yes - yay!
Then we'll start having gang wars and stuff.
I People I say I have friendly qualities , because they are real.
a Gentleman treat a woman like trash!
When I was 5 , it was the girl next door
Thers bound 2 b someone right under your nose . u do do see it.
now I am angry...but I am not using bad words against you.
Hope you get where I'm going here.... Is she a Tauru
No offense to anybody , but it 's not just guys that do that.
Heck you only live once right?
It's like battered wife syndrome.
ask him if he wants to be with you all the time ( good luck )
guys don't always talk about their girlfriends or the girls they like.
but if you want it just for her, treat her to a spa, a complete head to toe treatment.
I agree with everything that everyone else said...they have all perfectly summed it up!
and try the anal beads . They can go in the front or the back.
OK, when you see her THINK ABOUT JELLY.
I need advice on discipline ??
Yeah he's going to want to sleep 'cause he works a lot
IT'S BETTER TO LET HIM KNOW NOW THAN TO JUST KEEP HIM ON THE STRING.
SHE MAY BE FEELING THE SAME WAY ABOUT YOU , BUT IS scared TO TELL YOU LIKE YOU ARE HER.
Actually, it surprised me how nice he actually was to me :)
would it be worth breaking up with the lazarus?
first of all How old
Me?04 people, I 'm 35 years old .
(Not unless I am struck w/ cupid's arrow instantly)
if you like her, this will be tough.
it's a sick habit that people get into
he should be okay if not good luck .
have a friend tells him, you just get to the flirting
BE HONEST with her and ask her to shower
; ) Plus my mom is where the love is.
OK here the devil advocate answer.
Bring her flowers or something like that.
i told a guy and after a week, he straight out ignored me and we haven't talked since!!!
i mean..DUH it's a free world... third - who cares?
and what would be a conversation starter?
Hope I did'nt offended but.... that sounds yag sa kcuf !
you asking her to marry you, then you dump her, and want the ring back.
Just be afraid to try everything
Don't be bitter because you're a nice person.
Just saying No , it Depends what you're saying no to.
You should be very proud that he loves you so much.
Just be creative and use other things (feather, ice cube, rose).
Does he look at naked women on TV/COMPUTER/MAG'S???
What is it that defines 'girl of your desire'??
Chances are , even if she doesn't admit it, she feels like things are um drum too.
I spanking them on their skirts.
and what if a person does not want to get married?
its simply simply say would you like to go out with me ..... :)
i would say it is a turn off.
With a boy - 14, with a girl - 17 .
Sure you're Loopy, you're a female.
But then I know guys (and some girls) who are only in it for the physical aspect.
I would just know , call Johnny Depp and see which one she chooses!
do w/e feels the rite might work out either way!
There Theres There is no way you can change that.
Most of the guys I have dated really didn't care about my emotions or anything like that.
All anybody has to do is keep it straight and simple that way nobody gets hurt.
I feel about the things I do in life .
i got my first boyfriend when I was 13 . It lasted a month .
Don't try and overdo it . Just let it come natural and she'll see you are a good guy.
u can call her up or say it face-to-face.
Show her the real you and soon she may say yes!
i remember in my past there were some guys that I sooooooo wanted to go out with.
man, the Richies usually treat others like they owe them everything.
whoever gets him , will hurt the other one.
if you gave me a diamond engagement ring, I'd have to keep it...don't make that mistake again, goofball!!
9 times out of 10 , your friend will start to date the guy.
Thats All I have to say is be creative.
depends on your perspective on life!
now, I'm at a different place in life.
you WILL KNOW WHEN IT IS TRUE LOVE, you WOULDN'T BE ASKING THIS QUESTION IF IT WAS.
well If he was such a good man , Why is he divorced ? Just think about
just have confidence in yourself!!
And they stop or don't do bjs anymore.
'm 25, Is it alright to date a 22 year old guy?
I REALLY LIKE THIS GUY AT SCHOOL
it doesnt matter how old you are now.
There aren't any websites shawty, you have to figure the dude out for your self aiight
I'm a Christian, so maybe I should try singles or youth groups?
If your a Christian and have a bible read this.
im sure it could ... if the dream is not something unusual , like meeting peter pan
contact me @ effieakamuffin@yahoo.com if you need more advice
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
Love COMES IN EVERY DIFFERENT SHAPE, SIZE, COLOR, AND ORIGIN.
How would you like it if they were good looking and that is all they talked about?
And that person is the one you spend the rest of your life with.
Show off your Money, if you have.... you will get GF's easily like your underwear...
But rember don't take any big jumps.
it shouldn't matter what sex the person you love is!
The 3rd time she stated that I promptly told her, Fine!
Thats what I do, Though if I like any girl, I approach her and ask her out.
That is like saying a man with a large penis is a good lover.
Well, you just need to tell her.
Should I move on or Wait?
asking her why she did that and then you make up your decision
It Although it is not easy, but it is well worth it!
Why not its a great work out
if he does then a judgment call . 4 .
Well only if she thinks he's the ONE for her...
I have pictures of my mom kissing my tiny little head.
Love hurts Sweetie and you got nothing to prove that he won't hurt you again.so, let him go.
IMO - I think it's fine.
distance doesnt really matter these days :)
OF course THE DATE WITH A KISS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I told my friend to go home.
i bed with a woman ,our go to the beach with a towel and make love shower .
try to do it a little at a time.
it was leaking tears till I got the piece taken out.
or just walk for an hour or two a day to get rid of some fat too.
Dirty clothes are a big turn off too.
Is Is Is Is Is Is society biased or are I just missing something here ?
If so does that mean you were playing games with those gals???
my I 'm myself myself and I 'm friends with everyone.
You could try to get closer to her through her friends, let her know the real you!
always believe that everything is -1, below the scale, bad ,will go wrong long ever b4 attempting.........
..SO TELL THEM THAT it IS NONE OF YOUR business
How much stronger can you get?
PUT TOOTHPASTE OVER THEM OVER NIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!
you don't want to be held responsible for their break up .
don't be an intrument of satan.
Because they don't want to wait.
we have all gone through it!
you have to decide who you really want to stick with to get married.
Yea if you do try to push it then he probably will
Here's a good site to go to......
And lastly, don't lead either of them on.
you do want to know.....but I will show you if you drop by at my house....
grow up and stop thinking about your peter.
100% if not protected , even if it was oral sex
how he treats you . I need more info to answer this question .
and you can say whatever you want.
i think that is the best way to do it.
Come on, it sounds like you don't really want to be her best friend.
oh..and carot juice in the morning.
TO TELL YOU WHAT TO DO??..NO!!
i don't mean to sound sore, but that's love, really.
You in college , enjoy yourself!!
What if you start dating?
well, I am better than average then how about 8.5
Going after someone just for their monnney that's not a true happeness.
Well, you can't blame your best friend totally because love works in funny ways.
best way to get over insecurity.
My advice, don't say a word to her husband.
thinking about the qualities you like in a person . That is the key
then you call her and ask if she tried to call you yet.
If you do feel ready to tell your boyfriend that you love him , just do
how about....talking about him and be the person he wants you to be
yeah to say there would be racist.ssss
follow your heart.get to know her better . Maybe she is not that bad . Who knows , ask her friends
if he'll still glance at the gay man.
How ever you both have to want to fix the problems.
i too , lost both of my parents , but they passed due to illness.
Try to end it with Bieng friends at least.
oh Yeah you can tell if she likes girls by.........
she is a mystery , isn't it ?
Because everyone just wants to bust a nut and it doesn't who with.
faint heart never won against a fair lady.
Then again if she is ugly , forget about both of them.
If It was really bad.
Tell her you hate it and won't stand for it anymore.
i have times, when, I swear, women are just throwing them at me as I walk down the street.
b. going back to her with my tail between my legs?
no it is not wrong at all, it is totally natural.
or you're the one looking for him?
and so on and so on.
Otherwise I like to get Basketball Tickets!
And I love to travelling too, though I haven't done much yet.
not if you doubt yourself girl
if you find out what a woman wants, please let me know!
If she meant no , then it's no.
)ACTING A CERTAIN WAY WHEN HE REALLY ISN'T LIKE THAT for A NUMBER OF REASONS.
His clothes do not matter at all.
Let me get some things straight here.
If you need to yell and scream, just leave.
i got married in August, not too hot or too cold and I had an outdoor wedding
However if you are in love...USE A CONDOM!
someone please help me because I am truly torn.
TO ME , IT IS JUST BEING YOU . If you PUSHIE HE'LL FEEL LIKE you SOMETHING you do NOT
We've desensitized sex so much that just hanging out seems lame by comparison.
Tell her, girls like to her the truth Good LUCK
Why marry to only find out they are lame in bed?
look no more, your crush is here!
if she chooses johnny depp(which she will) obviously she is not fruity!!
so whoever it is , you just gonna have to flat out ask her what she meant by it.
Or in one nike sneaker and one brown shoe with non-matching socks?
My friend even yelled at me and gave me an hour lecture because of it.
i playing football with all the guys at my school !!
my daddy, because he has taught me where to set my standards for life.
if she says no, then you do have to feel bad or wonder what's wrong with you.
Civ 4, netflix, Once in a while I go out to eat.
even lust or love.... it's good to start with a kiss...
i don't think you should worry about it.
that is the worst that can happen.
NOTE: DO WHAT YOU WOULD WANT YOUR BEST FRIEND TO DO TO YOU!
true love will take time . not be drawn in too fast by lust
(I guess my ex-wife didn't see it that way.)
What the heck is that about?
He say they do other stuff, but I don't ask for detail!
You CAN'T MAKE ANYBODY TRUST YOU, SHE HAS TO SEE FOR HERSELF THAT YOU ARE A TRUSTWORTHY PERSON.
So time isn't really the problem!!
Boys are dumb.. just face it.
if that doesnt work , go to zabasearch.com?
tell him that you don't want to kiss him until you marry him.
yes I would just because they have a disability doesnt mean there is a human to
Is something truly better left unsaid or what????
(be careful of hubby tho, this is a bad issue)Good luck.
well they're in - laws...s make your husband do it, it's his family
IF WE CAN DO IT , SO CAN YOU
Then you can make love all you want!
(by the way, he has no girlfriend and he's not gay)
if ur ugly, then do tho
Don't waste your time on him, he isn't worth it.
I just answer this 'cuz I'm Vietnamese too.
Men don't usually marry sheep because sheep can't cook.
Tell her you aren't her safety net.
YOU WANT MORE BUT YOU ARE AFRAID SHE WILL NOT be THE BOYFRIEND TYPE.
There is a HUGE difference between just sex and making love!
Either you are in love or you are sick
Simply tell him that you need a little bit longer...
i feel you on that one that is what I 've been wondering
it Just when we try sex , he has these problems and we are both getting frustrated
escorting her into the bathroom,& tell her you'd love to take a shower together.
Why would a guy do something like that?
when you feel like going out of the way and helping this person.
but what if there's no one there to talk to you
Oh and another thing, don't put yourself out there for a guy who is not interested in you.
Then we don't know that we almost hurt someone ...
go for it . If he flurting with you , you have nothing to lose .
Your true love will find you!
making a separate email account in Yahoo
No matter what you do , someone has to cheat it.
simply asking if he would like to hang out sometime and give him a phone number.
You just can't forget the whole thing.
How to get out of it?
hmmm.... 4 My longest month.
BE A GOOD BOY AND RESPECT AND BELOVE everyone
but you got to keep looking or you never know.
Or should I just get over it?
if you used it to get $100.00 in change, I would say you've made a profit ;-)
Why DO WOMEN GIVE MEN A BUNCH OF CRAP ABOUT PORN?
and my mom, She always nagging me and sometimes I hate her.
JUST TELL HER THAT YOU NEED TO TALK TO HER AND LET HER KNOW HOW YOU FEEL ABOUT HER.
just to see what they get and to get the satifaction that they can get a gurl turned on
and you will be happier with this one!
not for me , Main is 4 in Chese is big ........................................
drinking alcohol at a party with at least100 other people .
you won't know if you don't ASK
but working on it slowly . Take your time to open up with her
waitet 5 years to do this , right?
not that easy bro , but one tging I can tell you to BE YOURSELF.GOODLUCK
I think the best place is HOME.... SWEET HOME.....
How could you ever trust her??
Well get rid of thi then.Who cares?
nope your Not your name is only on the card , not the account .
How about you find a nice guy with no strings.
enything negative harmful bad and I will never win.
because you might find he is wonderful.
'm not sure whether he feels 'good riddance' or whether he still cares for me.
I mean, I love parties too , but he shouldn't take it to extreme.sssss
So keep on trying .. there's a whole world of nice people out there
C'mon I mean, let it be real.
Then a guy might come around.But do rush yourself to get a bf.
If you love him , then yes , I would give him a second chance.
Gee, I have a CRAZY idea!
or maybe he doesn't want a girlfriend right now.
Some are scared of rejection,... some are just PIMP WANNA BES!
performace anxiety about getting married and it just might clear up.
hell yes , would you want someone to ask your wife out
Ask a girl out, or get a hooker.
who knows you mite decided you love him as much as you thought he did after it.
Treat her almost like one of the guys.
Well if it was me, I would go where women who like women hang out.
Hi I'm a gal, and have brown hair!
When I married, I married for life.
but white girls come across as easier.
Now if it is a woman that may not like women, then get her drunk :) lol
their marriage almost 2 years ago - Now, they are having problems.
say your sorry , that 's all you can do .
Ok, women need to be romanced.
She's liked him since freshman year.
gurls luv funi guys so iif ur funii then ur half way there!!
you can just treat him right..
When she came home from work she smelled like I don't know what.
If you look , you will run into a lot of dead - end roads!
Yes, it is a very strong word if some one belives you when you tell them I love you.
love is the answer . I mean , if you loved the person , would you want them to do what they are doing
never change who you really are.
Three: if he licks his lips a lot near you.
You would know if he told you that he loves almost all the time.
i've done it 5 times in the course of a night.
oh, buddy.. it's SO not right!
wake up both of you . It might be a lot of problems .
are there signs or something that shows a man that she diggin him or what?
I ca help you with this question , but I can say do give up.
Is Is Is Is Is he OCD (obsessive compulsive) on stuff???
making eyes and conversation with another female and talking about other girls and or dates.
I want to have sex after marriage.
there are a million ways of making a girl feel special.
I LOVE YOU, and don't you forget it.. send him FLOWERS to the house , not work.... and so on..
All I want is a list of places my boyfriend and I can go.
don't invite him over and don't ask him what he wants to do
I just know if I love the person that I am with then it seems to be GREAT!!
But you ca be satisfied because you banged some guy that was bigger.
He is the cutest thing ever!!!
Run, don't walk to a marriage counselor!
People are just people; no getting around it, I guess.
You say he's been like that for 20 years???
DO YOU WANT TO HANG OUT?
of course , women enjoy sex . It depends on how good the sex is .
But believe me it makes it that much better !
YOu n't like him , so let him know how you feel.
(or stuff one at a time)
What do you really have to lose?
AND BE SURE THAT IT'S CONSENSUAL!!!
no because age aint no but a number
now if you think it is a bad idea, then follow this advice
{{ SHAKE SHAKE }} The outcome is unclear... {{ SHAKE SHAKE }} That is very unlikely
but deep down, I still love her.
definitely not Our bodies were designed for sex , so why not love ? I do I love it a lot
I think you don't really want any of them, wait for number 3!
or does she accidentally touch your hand and then smile?
Ask her if you can FUCK HER UP with HER NICE TIGHT SWEET ASS!
me You are your age . I need a boyfriend .
Nope just you ;) Oh, and I see Uber_wise_James too.
i didnt get married to get divorced.
EITHER OR IT ALL DEPENDS ON THE MOOD THAT YOU ARE IN WHEN YOU CLOSE THE DATE
now she is trying to be nice , but it is so hard to forget what she did.
consider yourself lucky my mom didn't care and it took me many years to learn how to be happy
just marry a billionaire so that you can make him a millionaire
lose all of your inhibitions......be wild
But you have to do what you have to do.
now , my second one is one of the meanest people on the face of the earth .
let them work it out on their own.
How about not talking and getting a life !
and see where you need work.
i do think an 18 year old should be going out with a 23 year old .
That is if she is not pissed at you.
Show up late on the wrong day?
But hey, what's in a name, eh?
when girls try to domiante a man it attrats the most
Because he is a guy who can not see any better
rehurse it the day before & just ask her questions & talk to her
You aren't, you are a little gray egotistical box.
i to talk to him or ask a friend of his if he likes .
i hate to tell you this but...... you wo never look back
chocolate Every woman loves chocolate . I mean I do, and maybe some flowers like a rose.
baby looking You is not resonsible for nothing that has your name on it .
and all your love with a sweet smile and huge.
The part about him saying he has no son.... well, put it nicely...he's a butthole!
Take her out to a casino!
first find a girl near you and try to make her girlfriend OK
my I and my family usually get along.
You can't go back, that's like staying at your job after they fired you!
SOONER OR LATER , IT WILL BREAK AND HE WILL BE HURT MORE THAN IF YOU JUST TELL HIM.
If she doesn't want you to tell him , then you shouldn't.
'm a guy and I think you should be honest with him and he should respect that
No stings attached - just sexy mail, from someone you've never seen... Yah, sunny good!
Ask if you could join in.
she doesnt really act like she cares about friendships
if you feel you must...then you do need to be married!
usually his di ck on her a.s.s
don't pick one guy and stick with him unless you're sure about it, because that's not fair to him.
just say it plain to him , guys are like that .
if you feel you must...then you do need to be married!
usually his di ck on her a.s.s
don't pick one guy and stick with him unless you're sure about it, because that's not fair to him.
Some girls are ugly as blondes but I like brunettes better .
just say it plain to him , guys are like that .
Tell him you love him , but if they think you don't you can't change it!
Taboo is more fun, so better make some normal things taboo, or they won't be fun . 8)
something maybe on their mind or they may not like you
So tell them to quit hating and go find their own.
And Some of them are thinking of the kids too.
You read that they actually get caught less than guys do?
She just may very well just like quickies like she says!
leave him and get wit me
use cooking . You can get them at most sex shops.
And, remember DO NOT go back to him!
lost love years ago . No relief , no recovery . still have that same love to give to another
r a girl , age......... reply me , least answer something to my question
What the hell is wrong with some of you all?
would it be ok if your girlfriend cheated , but just for sex?duh!
try not to hang on with him or his friends,go out,do different things I don't know , try new things .
home A baby has to be hot and fresh.
So I'm sorry but, I gotta do it.
you ca tell til you see it for yourself
You guys need to get a grip.
but someone tries to tell you and you don't listen.
If you meet someone great, heck yeah!
How love him or her?
I to dump her if it was me
i have a bipolar friend and I like him . What do I do ?
But as girls mature, they realize that bailing your boyfriend out of jail is not a good thing.
Then I heard a voice saying " Sure, here you go.
If she has to ask you, then drop it.
So persist on her going with you to convince her how cool it's gonna be and stuff.
wow you are 26 , pretty and really sweet . Then Really I am terribly lucky that I ca meet you....
Most older men like honest women.
Hey ya ever in Charlotte, Nc shoot me an email, dinner or coffee my treat.
think if she's being so shy that means she digs you.
I bet he is looking for you too!
its the perfect kiss if the perfect person.
So still be friends with him, but let him know upfront that they are all just friends...
She turned around and looked at me.
She confronted him and he ended up leaving her for the other girl!!!
if you are in love or emotionally involved with someone , then there is a telepathy between the two.
Don't get me wrong though, divorce sucks.
starting with her lips, move down to her neck...
If not, then you are OK for oral.
!No, are you seriously asking this question??
her, but whatever you do , don't do it face to face.
Nope sorry can't help you...already married but there may be some takers
because you can have respect without love, but you can't have love without respect.
Act the way you always act.
eww what kind of question is that?
skinny hot girls have self-esteem problems which makes them vulnerable .
THAT ALONE WOULD MAKE ME STRONG WILLED TO SAY NO WAY!
probally a whales....maybe a giant squid...*snickers*
i should have cheated Trina and kelly,thats a good song . lol
move on their other fish's in the sea.
you will feel it in your heart .
I did not cheat and never will.
I can't believe you have to actually ask this question.
i heard it was the light lol
10 points for her brain , 10 points for her body , 10 points for her availability
Well, maybe you should be a little more flirty.
YOU do NEED WORDS TO SAY YOUR BEAUTIFUL OR I LOVE YOU IN the EYES AND SOLE
i believing in love at the first site... cuz I experienced it.
because you wouldn't care if they go judgemental on you.
DON'T USE YOUR CAPS LOCK KEY.
She just have to love you back.
if you believe and listen to your dreams , then for you , telepathy is a truth and not a myth.
it might mean that she's just kidding around and maybe that's her way of flirting!!
no, That's why they call it love at first sight
hmmmmm good question.....I cannot wait to see the answers to this one!!
You don't owe the girlfriend anything!
go for it , but be damm careful (bring condoms)
Once you start hitting off well while flirting, sit on his lap or something.
Ask yourself if you really care.
I like to get kids veggie tale videos.
Just be Kool and ask her before someone else gets her sweetie.
i just have a wondering eye.
i just want a man who cares for me and not just for sex.
Just don't push it and just go with the flow.......if there is one?
I'VE HAD THE EXACT SAME PROBLEM FOR A LONG TIME.
and attracting him , and do what he likes ,
if he's got a girlfriend, you a little late.
How are you in love with someone you do even know?
Why DO MOST GUYS THINK THEY CAN USE OR MANIPULATE WOMEN?
but don't let him talk to you about something you don't want to do.
punch him in the arm and run a way... that will really get his attention!
but you don't have to suffer because of him.
You are a lady killer my friend!
She'd go to be with me instead of saying how boring it was.
live him alone and go out with me
you have to really know what to do.
I'm not a girl, but let me just tell you that I totally sympathize!
Is it that he really loves you too?
.. not the [posessed humans]..there just weak.spiritualy.
We have only talked twice before...)
no but get to know them
no He may have a big problem at the moment.
Will a hefty trash bag of 39 gallons to help ya?
There there There are lots of things to discover.
Do you call him a lot several times , so he would not think it was a big deal?
If not , then you either can get the proof and go to her or don't say any thing.
say he has a small dick (man part) Shut em up so fast
it might just be a man thing to stroke his ego .
what is messenger id, so we can chat
I If you do not get the worst, alright!
yes, especially when you are feeling horny.
the boss, the whole of India is beautiful.
you over on the phone with her whitty, funny, personality.
people to answer your question , so what are you talking about?!!!!!!!!!!??????
i am a female, but I think that all they think about is SE.X but whatever!!
Right if you keep running back to Mr.
staying overseas and enjoy it, visit lots of new places.
it didnt take me long for my g/f to kiss me.
either act like a man and be here for me and the baby or were gonna leave you
Too old would be the 46 to 50's
im saving the goodies for the man who wins me over mind body and soul..... with a wedding ring.
and He really loved you because he did think of you when he committed a crime
IN essential It IS ALL ABOUT YOU AND THAT PERSON.
i kno dis myte sounds helluh cornee but...start wit a compliment...lyk hyz hair or clothez..datz wut i do!
If you WANT to have sex with him, yes.
and what if he is one of your good friends?
never do anything you don't want to do just because they want to .
Some women want sex with no strings attatched too.
To be Honest with you , there is no wrong choice in the matter (If you don't have a heart!!)
you guys having lunch, then your in bed a few days later with this guy.
she's looking for a perfect moment for you to do that.
I saying the words that hurt them very badly , like poison (
You should go to Yahoo Personals.
Do what the guys do, ask him out for coffee.
so what you need to do is ask her.
just kidding . I think aaaa.... no money works
if not, then you can relinquish it.
some gay guys and like for men to use them.
Boy meets girl, girl meets boy...they like each other so much and eventually...boom!
ask someone who knows their e-mail or whatever.
you can feel it . You tell yourself what you are interested in.
don't do anything either until he says what 's up , then tell him
Just come out and say want you want!
His fiance found out they were thru & he was w/ Jolie by reading it in the tabloids!
i think you should try to talk to her and tell her how you feel.
i think he does not really love you.
sure , but it sounds like there is a catch phrase.
thing ladies are looking for basically
i think you should try to talk to her and tell her how you feel.
if not , try a cock ring or even better either whether using condoms or not
i think he does not really love you.
sure , but it sounds like there is a catch phrase.
thing ladies are looking for basically
i met this guy one month ago.
i can't make the girl that I love her feel what I feel ?
or birth control pills work too
Go to the beach or parks and have picnics or you guys can invite a few friends over.
ya I think you might have a chance.
Hope I was able to help...
SUCK HIS COCK SLOW AND LONG
all he does is send text messages once in a while.
Thats Why I 'm the one that cooks.
Wanna play truth or dare wit us today?
hmmm see, I am a university student.
with shy guys... just tell him what you want!
Oh Yeah you are drop - dead gorgeous .
if you can dare call me on 09837290860
i had a live girlfriend in Dallas .
i suggest you keep going with your game
Keep zippers shut and legs crossed.
I think you are the biggest penis in the world
a time when she isn't going to explode, etc.).
some girls think small penises are cute
I didn't know you used Yahoo!
Probably not right away , but she'll know.
it called Oops let not tell anyone about that one .
because their parents did learn the right things
The First thing I gotta say is how old he is .
Now adays those that do stay home are internet addicted.
always having a cell phone within her reach at all times, and freaks if you go near it.
You have to be yourself and be mature!
right now , a guy between 17-25 is in his prime . That means he needs it all the time!
You want HIM to ask YOU out again.
Don't let him have his cake and eat it too
think about it and be very careful.
u have to wait and see.
if We drank for about 2 hours.
And do care about any other
BUT HE SHOULD HAVE DISCUSED THIS ISLAM ISSUE WITH HIS PARTNER IN LIFE, HIS WIFE.
But go ahead and try if you are that desperate.
Can I ask you a question?
Ok......just my own opinion mind you.....but here goes: Lust seems to be purely physical.
What kind of clothing do I look for
My Mom was twenty-five when she got pregnant with me & my dad was twenty-seven.
Where on earth did you get that?
and maybe try to kiss him on the cheek first.
Guys, believe it or not, have feelings too!
YOU WANT THAT PERSON IN SPACE.
Yes, I think so because many people just in the closet!
some women are never on time.
If anything by telling you no, then do do it.
Its like your very own harem!
maybe shes not the right one and there is someone else for the both of you....that would be my answer!
do you think he just wants an ass.
which one do you love more?
just come out and say just what you just said.
i wonder if you can call this love.
Miami, it's hot and everybody's sexy....
I think that everyone does that even if they say they don't.
Sweeti - you can't MAKE anyone love you.
they start loving you the way you are?
Be her friends first and foremost!
for the same reason that some people like chocolate ice cream and some people like vanilla.
ivonne is my cousin and Greg is the guy
you find a girl with a small hoo hoo.
you do want a phony relationship.
i think guys do like tomboys.
It It is fun to do it .
because your heart does not know the difference between the same sex and opposite sex.
i would say, however, that women are no better.
you mean on the computer or with a webcam?
So why not make it a date in the place where you first met?
Hi You seem OK but what do you really look like ?
Lots of ways to discover your mate here.
many men are just stupid and they want to play with you . They are just jerks(Answer my questions 2)
but it 's good to be the leader once in a while...
Then, I read the other'sss answers and thought they had a point too.
these days . I think it is like on because it's krazly given to/by everyone
you will know that true feeling
neema seems so you forgot to ask the question...ok...
The fact that she is keeping it for just one guy only is a big thing!
Most importantly , do you like her mind?
he love you more than that.
It's best you don't go out with guys who want you just for your looks!
Gotta see both sides of the story.
DO you like him, if you do just talk to him and stuff.
More concerned about what he thinks , your not giving him emotionally , then getting mad .
Let us know how it goes!!
It would be nice if I had heard of that poem once before!
don't jack off because it inhibits you
Yes my bf cheats on me . I got total proof and he still denys it .
you cheating just to have sex?
Maybe he likes you , He will notice you and ask you out.
1 time, baby number 2 was on the way.
If you don't ask , you'll never know
find a quiet place where both of you are comfortable at.
well, I was heartbroken when I found out my ex was cheating on me.
u shouldn't care about the women or anything.
How long have you guys been going out?
If he actually CARES about you , then he will slow it down.
Act like this (*^#(^)#($&_(@#&@)( Just Kidding... Act unimpress but very interested in things he does
When we spoke , he told me he was working, and couldn't call me back.
Just pull her to the side one day and tell her how you really feel.
There people There are afraid of things they don't understand.
i hope they all find out.
Then follow it up with Are YOU STILL HAPPY WITH ME?
I do want to be someone's sugar mama!
well I thinking romantic dinner and then party or Honey moon
Most girls are very shy and they need a little push so for them to roll with you.
no offense, but that is a dumb question.
i thought it would push people away, but wouldn't you know it , guys thought it was sexy.
I think it's because they like penis.sssss
THE ANTICIPATION WILL BUILD ON HER END.
you should say something to him if he n't say anything to you
they've only met a year ago.. and to my surprise..she chose that girl!!
But don't make it overly obvious either.
I just don't know how to say if he likes me or how to get him to notice me
But then I'm getting to the point where I'm in the middle between 27 and 60, LOL
we never fight and we see each other every chance we get
you ca do that if you knew you were doing it in the first place.
do him a favor, go out with him to Applebees and say you need to go to the restroom.
What Steve wrote; I second that!
do you think I should wait_???
but she should be wise so not to land her in a soup.
It is a good feeling though, it makes life more interesting...have fun!
money diamonds and jewelery homeboy I know 'cause my gurl loves all that junk
after a couple of months.. ?
you ca just make yourself popular!!
No, I don't believe that it is wrong.
Tell him If he loves you , he will wait.
Its a good thing--I love to feel that way!
love has many reasons that reasons cannot reason
but if he doesn't want, to don't force him too much.
i do have a husband , but if I did I would be furious!
Maybe That's just who they've fallen in love with.
It it It just hits you that all that happens
What can we do that is fun, and cheap?
I don't!-I let her make the first moves, then take it slow/go from there.
FAMILY IS MORE IMPORTANT , BUT MAYBE YOU SHOULD TELL HER SHE IS BEING REALLY , REALLY SELFISH.
Don't go into debt for your wedding!
i've tried freezing a spoon and lay it on the hickey!
If you don't mind it, then go with the flow.
i need more details which kind of love ?
and I clean up , so I 've been told . lol
There there There are other things to worry about .
Just do all you can to make things well with her again.
it really doesnt matter, just find the right guy and make sure its the right time!
that's what I tell people who ask these questions.
First of all , Why was he in jail
chocolate with mint (those are seriously good).
you might get a 15 year old telling you she`s 30 .
IF NOT, TELL HIM YOU LOVE HIM BUT THAT YOU'RE IN LOVE WITH HIS D O GG Y STYLE
maybe, but I look at a lot of guys all the time, even though I have a boyfriend.
take one day at a time.
No, it's with the one you hate the most.
we like to hear that too!
I hate dumb girls that are arrogant like hell.
Can you show your face & Id ?
Just believe me when I say that you are my cutie pie.
And other men don't do this?
use a lie detector, just kidding!!
And tell her that sh_t won't cool .
I myself do it while I am with my hubby.
whomever you feel most attracted to just tell them how you feel.
i know you want to have any experience, but you will regret it.
If you say you love him too and are lying , you are making a big mistake.
we just don't want you to notice that we notice.
He says,I'm mad, I'm going drinking.
believe me . I don't but let me tell you about something that happened At school.
coz the stranger doesnt even care a bit about you!
i guess that 's what they mean when they say love at first sight.
THINK OF TIGER WOODS AND HIS WIFE.
he tells me he's so lonely and he misses me.
i am a girl and I think confidence wins guys over if they are smart anyway.
and I do usually remember too much!
a remote control car, a CD player, a karaoke machine
i am single too, thanks for the score :)
But in the end...i found a wonderful guy on match.com.
but the funniest thing is.. They never look back to check whether they 'm staring at their ass!!!
We're not married yet , but I'm working on it!
i really don't want m----- stop liking me.
you have to talk to him yourself and tell him you like him!
If he really likes you , he will make the first movie
RUN as fast as you can!!
that depending I could give you suggestions but I could promise they would work.
do women actually go 4 this just random and never c him again
u ca neglect the gym .........
when are you going to move on?
I know I love her, I can't wait for my fist slap,thats love, is it?
um, Yeah, try a ziploc bag.
toys I recommend the power glove!!!!!!
We love those bad boys don't we.
and listen to your heart (not other people) but, keep logic close to your heart.........
my ex gf is marrying the wrong guy ...
i waited until I was almost 19, and the guy was a total jerk.
She does not love you , she wants a puppet.
i need to look for his personality and the passion he has for me or else to get it!
When his pals arrived, he introduced me like, that's my girl Diane.
ME AND MY FRIEND TRIED to laugh AND LAUGHS WAS ALL IT WAS GOOD FOR!
Its about adoring it for what it is......good, bad and ugly.
How I feel so good about dating and having a good time without my boo!
eye contact, and time w/ u
just take it easy and relax.
I am in love right now.
I don't think that's how it should be.
I also know some girls went to prom without a date...and that is cool too!
But you could make it longer!
And am done and over with that too.
Remember: 1.this will most likely bite you in the butt later.2.
I AM SICK OF GETTING THOSE FATTY GIRLS AT CLOSING TIME AT THE BAR THAT DON'T TURN YOU DOWN.
Yeah, I feel the same way.
Well you can't trust girls as friends or as people you just talk to.
The ones I know won't just say it.
but sometimes drunk if you want spunk things up
I agree some women do like quickies.
being a Friend means being with them in both good and bad times.
plenty, depends what kind of relationship you mean .
now that isnt to say that I do have problems....just different ones.
But it's like, now that she is with him , she never wants to chill with me anymore.
now I have tried to contact him for 2 days.
And keep in mind that YOU DESERVE HAPPINESS!
!If you would like more advice me @ meow3994@yahoo.com!!
just bite your lip and say it.
Plenty of other nice looking DECENT men out there who have brains bigger than a walnut!
Its not bad to fantasize no matter how extreme.
i do know...maybe he will like that type of thing...flattery.
Now, I don't know what to do.
be thankful that she sees all this stuff and yet she is still with you
And if you like the other 6 words , holler @ me if you like.
A long time ago , I saw Ricky Martin dancing on TV.
Or maybe you just haven't found the right man yet.
But theres another part that tells me if I say yes , he would jump @ the chance.
probably drunk , but I ca really tell you because when I get drunk I get wasted!
if you are not willing to wait , then you should break up with him.
It's sort of like a bruise.
Are you sure they're really girls?
he'll be so blown away that you'll get whatever you ask for...
The The most I ever got was 7 hours.
i think its only you who could answer that.
the guy purchases one for the girl and and the gal gets one for the guys . That 's what happens here .
Im goin through the same thing.
im Kool wit my X. soem ppl rnt though
stay with your boy!and tell the other boy your sorry!
none as long as they are legal age
I guess you don't put ketchup on your eggs either?
Tell her . You don't want any commitments.
just kidding about the last one, please don't.
I just know what to do.
It really dont matter if he likes someone else.
Yes I have ached for someone
If it's mutual, then you're both simply nymphomaniacs gettin' yer freak on!
wow which country from where there are no fools
women are just as bad as men , if not worse because they are better at it.
someone who truly loves you will respect you . I guess respect is more important in a way...
yeat it real, but when you are young, you just have crash it.
Why a married man go to a hotel with a girl who is engaged?
bc Fighting is part of marriage and if you get through this one you can make it!!
you are very sexy and hot.i would like to date you
do you think people choose to be gay or lesbian because it's fun?
i get more offers because I'm with someone,other girls see that dedication and want a piece of it.
If your food can't be eaten, Well just call for a pizza delivery!
don't get too caught up because he was a perfect gentleman for that night .
definitely sober, although being a little tipsy is pretty awesome too!
If he said yes , then you have your answer , but if he said no... hard luck girl...
active your boyfriend as sexually as possible
BUT DON'T RUSH RIGHT INTO SEX W/ HER AFTER THE KISS.
First he will look at you more than any other girl
As stats show they get caught less than men
rock on you got any pic's or home movies?
I play hard to get I guess..
Does he have a lot of money?
you can get them in all sizes.
I strongly believe in virginity... not just because I'm a Christian...
If I got to be 27 again, heck yeah!
Men don't have as much to worry about.
But She eventually got pregnant.
no difference at all(except hair color)
If he's lying, dump his sorry ass.
well , just check on that face in your messages thing
It It is good to have sex with someone who loves you also
how about she is bored and she wants to dance.
THE People THERE ARE CRAZY LONELY AND THEY GO THERE because THEY THINK THEY CAN IMPRESS SOMEBODY WITH CONVERSATION!
signing up for a dating service
Why else did you get a hickey on your neck?
sex lots and lots of it .
Dear let me our marriage date OK.......LOL
You will know it ... by her eyes!
And then see how he feels about you!
wow... depends on how strong she is and how strong you guys are.
If he was THE ONE, I'd still want him to quit.
just getting to know someone doesn't have to lead to more.
and ask her to dance too!
honestly...some gurls do want to embarress themselves.
he still feel the same but you don't
when you care about everything she/he cares about and you don't want her/ him to get hurt
stay in your marraige unless someone is causing physical pain.
no unless its your mom or sisters , not girls in general.
work 55 hrs a week to occupy my mind.
well since you waited 5 years wait till they break up.
You to ask her at all.
well 'm my opinion you may say : boyfriend: I love you!
The Although The truth really hurts, but your boyfriend needs to move on.
if that is the case , forget him.
She is so hot, I had a huge crush on her like forever
I almost peed myself watching that movie!
well, if you love your boyfriend , then you will have to sacrifice the other boy.
Then ask yourself how old he is .
But download it , You'll see what I mean .
They teaching kids stuff as they are having fun!
for some people , it is love at the first site.
It is hard because you can't see them all the time
i Do I think it's wrong when some don't b/c they find it wrong.
I don't think so... No one can control me
we talk a lot about just about anything.
2. there to stupid to know which hole to stick it in.
and My second husband had the same thing.
seems like he doesn't even know what he really wants... :/
Even a shy guy will nod his head yes or no.
What you mean , do guys like ugly girls with zero feminity?
could you know that you love someone right off the bat?
smile at him.. let him catch you looking at him ... maybe wink at him then look away.
yes and no it depends on the actual situation . Has she seen you before and likes you ?
because most fat girls are ball - busting bitches with too much self confidence .
Tell him to get over it!
Is strongly liking someone somewhere around twice your age is a bad thing...?
Some but not most that wrong and discusting unless you are ugly .
It hurts some women to the point that they won't have sex with him, while others love it.
and sometimes it is just to dance.
Girls like that sort of attention.
But It is not my kind of thing
some girls take advantage of nice guys.
the man is married, and I have a boyfriend.
but my private life is too much smaller than you..isn't it..?
I have a leather whip at home...never used it though...lol.
and it puts the ball in his court for the next move :) good luck
If you are just hanging out, then you shouldn't.
Have a smile like a yummy Lee.
Hey, I have an idea... ask your mom.
I just which it was the ever way around.
he always promises to do things that he knows he will never do.
it keeps you from having kids before you need them.
I know it sounds sappy, but it works!
making out with classy guys that want to hurt your neck
My suggestion is that you just keep finding ways of talking to him.
Aren't you laying it a little thick?
Are we playing 20 questions, This could be fun, LOL
he is so spicy , you like him more than everybody .
oh, and always best, make the first move, We think its really sweet!
but I do know how to tell him or even if I should???
But for you , it may be different .
lol...atleast you have the balls to ask...umm...read up on some kama sutra..it teaches you how...it works too.
I don't think there is any one killer bullett!
leave that with a doc or someone else.
OMG, what else could we read here?
He makes fun of you,bugs you,and hangs out with you
Yes, cheating is wrong, no matter what.
SO I DO NOTHING AND STAYING WITH HIM BUT CAN'T believe THAT HE LIE ON ME!!!
Don't be afraid to ask your partner what he likes, or to tell him what YOU like!
What is the best about that...?
Do I tell her (I think she might be interested)?Or do I leave it alone.
No matter how long your in a relationship now.
because they dont think with their heads , they think with their d icks!
Good luck and Happy Birthday to your brother!
that she wants to dance... duh...lol well, it could honestly mean a lot of things.
Why does he keep calling me telling me he misses me???
I find men with self - confidence to be sexy.
do FORGET TO CHOOSE AND VOTE FOR the BEST ANSWER!!!
could downgrade her see here here and there and date others.
you do not want to see your gf cry
I don't think it matters, really.
The Only thing is that girls date for relationships and some guys don't.
don't just keep silent pretending you are happy in this relationship.
trying to find out if he really loves you or not.
(just until you're ready to give it to him)........ mmmmmmmmmmmm messed up I know, but it's the truth.
If I didn't like to be with them I wouldn't.
i mean , be wise,clever and careful and do get laid into traps.
if that doesn't work, then have a mutual friend (who KNOWS) to explain it to her.
yeah.absolutely.did something stupid too to fulfill it.ahhh.
- You can't imagine your life without him/her.
Even though it doesn't or never belong to them.
just take it slow, you do have to marry the guy tomorrow!
he later asked me, Do you mind if we cuddle?
(and kiss him in some corner if all goes well.)
do you think he will call me after it happens.
But for my money, I find brunettes a lot more attractive.
TRUST ME . It is WORTH IT.
i agree with all this answer and I can't say anything because they told you everything
not just a chat room but a dateing site.
the hell , probably start looking 4 someone who will love him.
But white men don't love black women.
I'll give 'em a message for ya ;-)
u have to earn your way up there.. be nice to everyone!
GOOD LUCK AND I HOPE YOU FIND THE RIGHT GIRL FOR YOU AND REMEMBER to BE MATURE AND BE YOURSELF!!
both, because it would work out better.
You really don't have to love people, you just have to respect them.
If it was the right guy, you would know
Does he take you out in public?
wait until you know how you feel.
If that person is the one that hurt you . The answer is NO!
IN front OF THE GUY YOU LIKE IN A RAISED VOICE.LET HIM OVERHEAR YOU.
It get better and easier, I promise.
Plus you get a tax cut.
And Everyone is stupid about love , so ur not just the only one.
I look at behind chests, flys ; ).
if she really likes you, then she will give you a sign.
There there There are plenty of men out there.
IF HE LOVES YOU , IT'LL SHOW.
How do I get a girl??
Or a special dinner at a nice restaurant.
Oh you mean sex RULES !
Girl Why did you say no?
MAYBE You JUST NEED TO TRY TO solve your PROBLEMS INSTEAD OF LEAVING ONE ANOTHER.
tell him...maybe he feels the same way and is afraid to bring it up.
Is it ok for your hubby to play golf when he feels like it?
we had some free time ourselves , so we just chat.
but you just have to do it while you are under their roof.
AFTER TWO MORE MEETINGS W/ HER DO THE thing BUT GO FURTHER, CHANCES ARE YOU WILL SCORE.
If Yall have known each other for a while , she could just want you
Never mind what I just said...
Depends if she's hot or not.
On one hand , our bodies tell us to go, go go!
Tell her that you think its best you both move on.
Experience is nice for women too :)
Break alls coz you are not favour with them
3. Look for a bunch of dudes talking to each other and choose the guy you like, total freedom!!!
everyone want me for one thing and that sex.
Men don't like to lose and having sex is the ultimate goal.
no whi u luv is who u luv.
not many excuses here as to what he is doing.
Definitely impossible to swallow....but yet they want you to!
I keep an arms lenght but he barges in
and then, if you can, ask him out on a casual date with friends.
i hope she/he is cool too.
we have nothing we do talk about.
i am afraid that m----- will not be friends with me if I am not friends with b-----.
It's not an issue of her leaving her husband, more like someone to be friends with...
i don't have his social life in my face all the time.
if when he calls & you see him do you light up?
!And then you can relax and enjoy!! yourself
When he says he Loves You without saying a word.
You can't rush love.......and you can't make it exist if it 's not there.
He and my cousin had a really nice time at the prom!
When any girl looks at me like that, (even if I don't like her) I feel flattered.
but, Yeah, he probably likes you.
I THINK IF you LIKE HER and she LIKES you , IT does matter .
I would think you are a ho.
i feel that I'll be the best option , Pathania_savvy2000@yahoo.com
If you are in a serious relationship now , then don't do it.
so I believe that you can love someone who is is hurt.
It seems like he's playing with you.
No ring on your finger , right?
And also I like a woman who gives me challanges, a woman who is indepedent
its when you dream about him and can't picture your life without them.
What I should I do, at my wit end
ask him when the next day of school you have off is...lol.
Maybe you are going after the wrong guys and not acceppting the ones that come after you
Don't pull your wifebeater up and rub your fat belly.
Best of luck with the guy... And sure he likes you damn I'm jealous... ;-).
I know one guy and that is me.
search in different places , clubs, parties,........
lol girl, there are TONS of guys who dig big girls.
it takes a lot of nerve, depending on your age, to ask someone to dance, so be nice!
Just put it all out on the table...what do you have to lose...Gotta take a chance sometime.
is , But it matters not what I believe what it is to be.
then your gonna wanna leave your family and run off 2 cancun with this guy.
And I know it's easier said than done.
never do it.....for either of you!
being overseas is a great opportunity . Don't blow it .
good luck, sounds like a match.
And guess what, I'm a girl.
But I can't see myself rubbing my chest with someone whose got tits as big as mines.
2. Go to a place where you can find dudes (dudes are everywhere, go anywhere, that's easy!!)
some gals can really make you crazy.
and you are just now thinking of Marraige.
Once you find it , just keep pluggin' away at it--and before you know it YOU'RE COMING!!!
no sorry , you have no chance Only If he wants sex . Then he will go with you .
Whoa whoa whoa......That is such a generalization.
depends on how old they are.
I found her in the newspaper!
CHALK IT UP TO LEARNING,MOVE ON.
Yes, some guys like tomboys, some don't.
If the one is an animal, then it does not
i hope that I help you
virginity until marriage won't guarantee happiness through marriage.
Don't play hard to get just yet.
Quite sour, acidic & tastes yucks!
you seriously need to check your grammar.
He's just wrong for doing whatever he's been doing and not buying food, he is just WRONG!
Yes, it's even harder when you can't find them , but they're right there.
My mom is jelaus of my wife.
you mean come?my girlfriend said it tastes like eggs, mixed with salt and vanilla.
1) by their shoe size 2) on the index finger the distance between the first and second nuckles.
Hope you'll give this some serious thought before you go there!
I have to lie to see my (boy)friend.
God's got someone out there for you!
And if he says no, it's no big deal -- it's just coffee, so it's not embarrising.
It like torture knowing she'll never be with me .
im just cool to hang with
Well, I think that the age where you should have a child is like 40+.
And obviously big boobs and a nice
Go for the goal; don't quit at the halfway point!
or they do mind because they also get what they want.
totally wrong, In my opinion , even teens ' sex is wrong, and adult premarital sex is wrong .
well first , Is it your friend or is it you?
Maybe your stupid for giving them what they only want.
or is is it that you don't know how to make one?
I Would have just bit the bullet and said HELL YEAH I'll BE YOUR GIRLFRIEND!
But we always want what is not good for us.
I haven't - if you particularly mean YAHOO!
I sorry I didn't tell him what I truly felt for him.
Depends on how well your mom knows you.
I just didn't want him to get the wrong idea
The He The problem is cheating on you
it has lots of naked people in it.
If you don't, then don't bother.
get plastic wrap and rubber bands if you're so full of yourself.
i do know but 'd like to know the answer to this ?
Say I care about you deeply.
Don't pretend to be somebody just to please us guys.
if they both really like each other , then they could come to an agreement
seriously , This question is only for guys, I do want girls to even read it.
Word of advice from experience . Never DATE ANYONE FROM WORK!
Good Luck and keep reminding yourself, 'I deserve better than this jerk.!!'
Go for a special ride somewhere.
They fall in love with everyone they have sex with.
Beautiful women like Pam Anderson marry freaks like her ex-husband.
The guy above me's got the right idea
All the ones on Hooters
DO THAT ONE NIGHT,AND LEAVE IT ALONE.
play more between rounds, she will like it also.
so better get a good grip on it and use it more often!
Hmmm.. Well if you love your boyfriend that much, your fling wouldn't be an issue.
i think we hit it straight away.
I don't love him and want him back.
i was mad and I yelled at him.
maybe she wants to push you on things that she would normally be upset about because her mind is preoccupied.
but it does cause problems in most marriages.. get some professional help..soon
if he cares about hell , understand
Humor your friend, get her drunk and you can pick which one you want or both.
I used yahoo personals to meet my husband!!!
hey, how come you like someone that knows you at all??
unless , of course , you are married, then the only thing for me would be forgiveness.
I seriously like the name Chris though :-)
u don't have 2 changes at all.
it's a kind of a test . Sometimes
why not guy a guy no matter who he likes . Plus you could talk to them about guys .
The The biggest mistake is rushing a woman for sex.
That doesn't mean he wants to be buddies.
does he llke me or am I just hot for him?
If you ask her to have sex and she agrees, then that is what you are looking for!
Your best friend is who you are married to or you should be
Why everybody say bad about you
3) Maybe they are just like you.
{Hey at least she had the limo} Lesson: Don't try to take something you can't afford to lose
k Everyone calls me either a blonde or brunette , so I can't take sides.
where's the fun in not showing off your talent?
be nice to everybody and maybe the love will return.
if mentally and physically able to support them themselves
just forget that you are shy or not handsome.
you just answer your own question.
I don't think so not if he had an affair.
Stay until you know it's over and when you leave, don't go back!!!
you didn't ask for an explanation, did you?
everyone working and education is very important .
if someone respects them , then you should fall in love with them.
If a girl doesn't like to dance , then she can't dance obviously.
5 days.... and it was a peck on the cheek 1st and I was floored
P.S I think she really did gave it back to me
Well did he/ she asked him out and he said yes... or what?
if someone respects them , then you should fall in love with them.
If a girl doesn't like to dance , then she can't dance obviously.
5 days.... and it was a peck on the cheek 1st and I was floored
P.S I think she really did gave it back to me
Well did he/ she asked him out and he said yes... or what?
you need to find the right man for the 1st time.
My wife says she doesn't like sex for a long. time
remember, the truth will set you free
Nobody just stop loving somebody else, even if they say they don't anymore.
Just find the thirst in your guy and have a nice sleep with him.
talk normal with him, Just because you like him doesnt mean you can't be friends first
but if you think they are your probs right...
I believe that is so bad to happen
and like that I like sports and have a soft side but a hard side to
If you set down and talk and they say No do you get angry?
well the biggest whore I know..she normally wears jeans, a tee, and a hoodie if it colds out.
And then you go look for him, which is even playing more into his game.
you look like a guy...nope I'm not interested
Do you know any of his exes?
Does it mean she likes you or just wants to dance?
Is your wife actually having the big O during sex?
If you want her that badly Sh*t go to the wedding and stop it midshow.
hum what is the question again?
because I've seen reports of 9 year olds becoming pregnant.
A really bad song by Haddaway...
First get to know him and see what he likes before wondering if he likes you!
i think that if you really love the guy , you do care about the size at all
another thing, doing it over the phone or on line is being a coward.
is it because your friend has had no sex for a year?
First of all, do you want sex now??
let him make up his mind.
and if he didn't look like a prune and was healthy , why not
Just Don't let people take advantage of you.
So, Yeah, it's REALLY hard to deal with.
try - yahoo personals or americansingles
joining school at the next level, find a better career , take a vacation , meet me . I can use a loyal woman.
this is the best for a guy .
If you're a woman: I don't know the answer.
you can just be like yea being single has its ups and its downs.
YOU ARE TOO GOOD FOR HIM!!
Start flirting, and be in control of every step you take ahead in this process...Best of luck!
Yeah email me . I like it . .
If you're a woman: I don't know the answer.
YOU ARE TOO GOOD FOR HIM!!
Start flirting, and be in control of every step you take ahead in this process...Best of luck!
Yeah email me . I like it . .
they don't choose to be gay or lesbian.
you can even send her pictures anonamously if you do feel comfy telling her in person.
i think when he kinda flirts with me , I really do know
Yes I would if I was into this person and like them a lot . I would oh!
It Depends on if they are good looking or not.
he just brushed my hair w/ his hand and patted my back gently.
stop eating twinkies or if you are good looking and have big breastisis then show em off .
Obviously You loved her once and got married.
I went out with this guy who stopped calling me.
If, you cheat on him , then you are truly not the one for him.
Now he kinda thinks you like him.
They always fall for the wrong guy...
if you are asking, then you are probably too small.
Like to wear it during sex!
and if she doesnt do anything , just be there for her when she does find out.
I do think that it was worth it in the long run .
be yourself yourself and dont be shy
Maybe you find a better guy to love and he'll do the same without leaving u. haha!
Sure, why not... (that is if you're over 21)
I was friends with him at first b/c I felt bad for him.
i like smart , funny and pretty is always a plus .
Go w/ what your gut says and you will be fine.
That was a crazy joke we played yesterday , huh?
because with gays and Lezbian
i would be better if you state your age !!!!!!!!
Action speaks a lot louder than words .
Go window shopping for what you guys want for your future house.
me myself I would'nt do it, You've only known him for 6 months.
seth green, kinda took me a while to notice it though.
becuase they want to have sex
Hmm, yea in both the good and bad way.
LOVE IS LIKE WHEN you CAN'T STOP thinking OF THAT PERSON.
depends what the catch, sk8r dude wants to know
Guys hurting grrs, grrs hurting guys.
flirt and look for the cutest
fin dthe cool guy and go around him ...bco'z now a dys pair looks charming than singles
Yeah, Unfortunately I have to accept this generality.
that is soo wrong, I do pin her down, but still give ur man some sex!!
Are you sure you do not want one ?
it depends on what he likes
Snap your fingers at her when you tell her No way girl.
Tell her, and see what happens
Acts kinda shy but not really.
its not worth getting mad about
I'm gonna say no, since you seem not to be looking.
They want you to look like a fool.
holla at me and talk to me about you please!
Well , I have been told a lot of different ways to tell.
I do not even care if she wears it - whatever makes her happy is fine with me.
but the answer to that is no.
The MOST PRECIOUS GIFT YOU CAN GIVE TO YOUR HUSBAND..
not always, but you should exercise caution
some ppl do think that, but I don't..
Even here in Canada I do think that they will allow young teenagers to buy a condom.
You'll look bad if he still has a girlfriend, though.
IF YOU HAVE TO BE too , Why HAVE IT ?
In my opinion, the biggest penis, (also known as a 'DICK'), is most likely Osama Bin Ladin!
kiss her . That is always a very good start .
just be yourself around him, and only tell him you love him if he tells you first.
Because come on, once youve had one , how can you not like it?
Move on , you do need him and he n't deserve you.
three days ago , I fell and hurt my ankle.
Hey quickly word of advice... Stop now.
do think I should go.
since you have to ask probebly not yours or your men
i called him 10 times and he didn't return my call.
It is like riding a bike sweetie...you definitely wont' forget how.
(IE: Seeing #2 without #1 knowing.)
.. I then learned nothing is ever certain, so be careful .
if you start fooling around with him and it just doesnt feel right . stop.
just give her the tip and , if things aren't going alright by that point , find someone else
Why do single men have sex with married women?
You won't have to worry about it anymore.
Maybe She loves you in her own way.
for starters , just talk to him . Why does it seem so hard to talk?
u can say.... Hey , How you doin!
hey I guess we all have some wierdness in us !!!!!
I'm smart, fun to be around but nobody likes me
The It depends on Eric and his situation
So I guess I do notice.
if it is your current guy, stick with him and try to forget the other guy.
Once he even pined me to bed and said " If you love me , you will do this.
fo real girls are gonna read this just because it tells us not to!!!
NO, they don't like you at all.
and your di ck stands up and you cannot get it down.
Tell him that he can't afford you!
haveing sex while coked up . That is the best
a girl with a lot of curves and big boobs
If he is only interested in sex , then you can wait.
First off: trust what the barbnefer has said (this person gives EXCELLENT advice).
that's simple , give flowers and candy and just be yourself.
I I'd I only consider him if he quit.
First you'd have to define bad marriage.
Probably always a liar, but not always a cheater.
so one day I crapped in her shoe .
jacket is okay, but leave it open.. do zip it up.
Then if he feels the same way about you ask him if he would like to hang out sometime!
same with my girlfriend . She only gives it when she wants too!!
if you have used it in a LONG , LONG LONG time , you will forget it.
ur never gonna get a girl if ur gonna chicken out!!!
confront her in a controlled way.
I do it.GO FOR IT!!
I feel for you . My love just had a baby on Thursday .
A woman doesn't want a whiny guy.
It that It is a great way to piss off a female quickly
The Most I've done is dance w/ one @ a straight club.
yes to all but being bi...no
Alot of them don't like but loving.
whether he is my friend or foe.
Tell her You love her & you can't live without her.
Get off your computer and GET OUT of THERE.
cross dresser , a guy who dresse up like a girl.
Lots of luck and luck ahead.
wonderful, Your love will be so romantic .
Tell them with the other ones...that'll do it pretty fast!
On Da Internet...cuz I got The Internet Going Nutz!!!!!
If love is not blind, this won't happen.
and Yes , the guy makes the first movie
Yes , especially nowadays with stds as bad as they are.
When you guys aren't sexin' what's his conversation is like?
If you have a really good guy friend , then ask him.
She just happened to make the mistake of calling one day when she was home...BUSTED!!!
think about the way he said it to you and then you know how he meant it.
Not to be blunt, but I hope you didn't give up .
all I can say is that I moved 1000 miles away.
if you have to ask , then you are probably not in love!
IF SHE HASN'T PULLED AWAY FROM YOU BY THIS POINT, CHANCES ARE SHE'S ATTRACTED TO YOU.
!IF YOU WANT THAT MOMENT TO BE SPECIAL, STOP PLANNING IT & LET IT HAPPEN(IT WILL)
tell what you like girls to do when making out, what she should do with her hands, etc.
Then all hell would break loose, and he kicked his butt.
just find anything to ask him.
no it just means you are starting out good
You know, the guy always doesn't have to make the first move.
A lot of girls seem to resist touching guys.
i think that you are weird .
Hell It is not what she wears.
Show them that you are interested in marriage and then it will happen :)
i wouldn't want to have it until I'm married
ladies feel free to leave a list
do throw your life and yourself away because you want to be in love with some spoiled insecure women.
HOLD ON, WAIT A MINUTE, how can you fall in love with someone on the internet.
Yes I'm MARRIED TO ONE . Can WE RELOCATE TOGETHER?
1) get a divorce 2) think about the kid.
IT SOUNDS LIKE you JUST LIKE THE S&M STUFF
As long as you're not the only guy in the place, it means she probably likes you :)
Unless you guys are friends, then its okay to initiate it.
Lemme see......you did you say EX_BOYFRIEND did you not?
LOL What are you waiting for?
Actually, I still ache for her...(And yes, I'm a female..haha)
well - several years ago, I shaved my head.
What if it were her talking to guys?
The best way is to give her a taste of her own medicine . Talking is so overated now , revenge is best!
no longer has value, everything could be the same for all you care.. .
no once you look outside the box, it is too hard to find your way back!
he will flirt, like poking you or something, or smiling at you.
Yes I like to toot my own horn, I love me.
GET EXTRA SMALL LATEX GLOVES POWER - FREE.
no longer has value, everything could be the same for all you care.. .
no once you look outside the box, it is too hard to find your way back!
he will flirt, like poking you or something, or smiling at you.
Yes I like to toot my own horn, I love me.
GET EXTRA SMALL LATEX GLOVES POWER - FREE.
what I did when I got married.
his eye contact, his way of talking etc.
damn a nice girl...or guy....or whatever...lol
Opinion: tight - fitting jeans , green jackets
well is it wrong to cheat in Genral.
If you ask her to let you kiss her, she'll say no.
When I first read your question, I thought, RIGHT ON!
no not at all and sex does not last over time BUT LOVE will
My brothers b-day is coming up and I have no idea what to get him.
then you could have sex with any and everyone and it would matter.
I like Blonde guys...but right now I'm with an orange haired guy
or you can just straight up cum of the cut and say you 'm single . What your status?
Some guys might lie to get you in bed and once they do they just forget.
But always say it with a smile.
If you want a sure thing though, find a Jewish guy.
someone with very sexy clothing and is in heat
Just be yourself and keep your grades up and in 10 years , see who's cool then!!
some girls will do anything for the guy!
don't keep it for too long - we are getting older .
it definitely when it feels right , not because you feel you should
you get to know people the best in casual settings.
then you discuss the matter later .
it definitely when it feels right , not because you feel you should
you get to know people the best in casual settings.
then you discuss the matter later .
Why sit there and wait for him to see you move on.
Go join a Bball team or something.
but You just have to wait patiently, When the time comes you will have the right one.
What I do is get everything as straight as I can.
Be able to put up with ME!!!
That depends...what kind of a girl is she?
you should go out with a guy you like and that likes you back.
if he is THE ONE, he'd quit for me.
hey dude... For every ten no's you will get one yes ,
On His neck wouldn't be any different.
It been happily after ever since!
have a romantic dinner, If he still resists , then you have a problem.
never be the first to say it..let the guy do it.
play it easily and maybe wait a little
Or they might hate the guy and want to screw his life up.
use your tongue , but PLEASE don't slober all over her chin!
She means if you want a kiss, just kiss her without letting her know you're going to.
you want to find a nice girl no matter what she is?
first , it was getting to know each other and then kissing came later.
DO IT . I WISH THE WOMEN IN MY LIFE WOULD HAVE HOOKED ME UP WITH THAT SH!T
write single in big bold letters on your forehead...worked for me
OMG!..she didn't mind our 9-year-friendship..what Will I do??
Hope this helps and isn't too harsh.
How calm you believe him?
ALSO I GUESS IT WOULD depend ON YOUR HEALTH.GOOD LUCK
well it depends on a lot of things.
but I do know how to ask him if he wants to give it a second chance.
Love don't Cost a thing , Go out , watch it and then get some ideas from there.
i only know the mean way to say it, but say thanks, haha n smile.
But, First thing's first, pack up your stuff and LEAVE!
I didn't until you mentioned it!
The The The younger they are, the more bad boys they want.
It's like she only talks to me when things are going bad with her.
if your an adult,age simply should'nt matter
adding more details what you want to use?
it working for my own friend .
Somewhere out There is a guy asking How I find a wife.
Day 1 is OK with me.
Then you guys can afford more things .
But if I was him , I would not marry ya Ether without one.
WHEN you START speaking , LAUGH a lot
i mean , I love the one in jail.
and it goes as far as my dad did , but it took him 15 years to do. it
i would have had enough of him to tell me or else!
In Yuma...... Good luck with that one.
he's either going to love you because he loves you or he's not going to love you at all.
SO nothing wrong with being friends right afterwards
Well there should be , huh :-) (I AM A GUY TOO) I am pretty sure there will be.
I not trying to be mean.
It come down to too many things Are you marring him for Love or Money?!?!?
do do it .it will only cause problems promise.
if he really loves you , then he wo worry about sex.
(you're supposed to be laughing here , friends.
Diamonds are a girl's best friend : )
try being his friend first and see what it leads up to
'm no expert, but I do think manual trannys have ecus.
If you want my opinion
(im I 'm the father of 3 little girls and suddenly find myself hating guys)
Just say, hey, what's going on?
you want to do that!
(A lot of the best ones don't post pictures).
sweetie there isn't one there Seriously You are so dumb .
got drunk and had sex with his daughters.
Maybe if you are in the same school.
say you love him now and if and when you do , you wo lie more.
Then, go back to the store without him and pick up the one thing he liked the best.
The The most expensive thing was the preacher...
whatever the fight was about, it's best to completely solve, so as not start another fight later on.
Probably because you are pissing him off.
And if they don't approach you, say hi
next time , try something like: girls wanna chat??
Stuff like that can get someone hurt.
So if they aren't in tune with you and don't care enough to try , then give it up.
you to get cool friends . You have them !
No...not unless you want to walk around confused.
You simply by saying Hey, what's up?
!but think before you come to any conclusion..is it really worth it?
So go on with your life and if he comes back, then you know what you want.
My wife gave me oral sex two days later .
Most guys are bluntly obvious about girls , so hang in there
i tried over and over to get her to leave ,she but wouldn't.
click the link below... its not something you can eat . I think..
no--i try not to have any kind of relationship with them
This is mainly for the older folks or the ones who know there are gonna get married.
Don't EVER sh1t where you eat man...
THIS WILL SHOW HER THAT YOU'RE NOT IN A RUSH.
Those chocolate with mint kisses are pretty good.
It will always be somewhere in your heart ...
Don't let people fool you honey!
lift your head up and carry on like the woman you are!
and if you must draw , let him see you do it.good luck!
ask a plastic surgeon to make one for you.
NO DOUBT ABOUT THAT, that f*ckin abvious
:) Now it 's been 5 years and we're married!
But that doesn't mean they don't exist.
Even if he feels embarassed about talking with you about that issue, hey!
it was getting late , so I fell asleep in his living room.
Get back together, then dump her.
don't do it just think about it .
Even better wait til ur married!
can you stand if she is not good looking?
Your friends are just trying to show you their side, it seems like they already know you
Well I would tell you , but that could land me in prison
u just have trust in him if you really like him.
Or does he only call when he wants the booty??
YOU CAN'T REALLY TELL MOST OF THE TIME
oh yeah..if you don't get it out and get it moving , it will become moldy and taste really bad .
Or are you like 15 years old ?
It's tough, but hang in there.
THESE DAYS MEN ONLY LOOKS AT the TOP AND BOTTOMS OF WOMEN
can do it with me.
its tough for guys that are unexperienced with girls to make eye contact.
Let's Get It On - Marvin Gaye I'm Gonna Love You - Barry White (forget everything after that)
A girl should love 4 who If she does move on she is worth it.
Then Finally , WHEN I TURNED 13 I FOUND THE PERFECT SOLUTION TO MY PROBLEM.
been there done that from both sides.
if you think they do, then you are wrong.
we,both staying in a working women 's hostel room.
if ya gotta ask that here you have serious problems of one sort or another....go see a shrink
So your mind is gonna play with you, ya know.
i don't know what to do, what you think
But I couldn't go with her.
tell him what is going on...all the mundane, boring details!
Wet it and if it curls , add some gel and your off
yes some but some might not.
first love is your first love .
if you are happy with them, make sure they do find out.
that depends on how old you are ... but I say where and when you least expect it .
I I I would have to say yes and I know I am not the one that thinks that way.
I go for a guys personality.
when he acting diff or always buggin .
Dog style with high heels on the girl
That way , If the condom breaks, then it wouldn't be as bad.
Why would you even do that??
My advice, is don't start anything you gonna regret later.
but hey, its not my life.
i will have in position.
one minute you could be happy , the next depressed and want to kill yourself .
not Really all people can change no matter what you've done ,
honestly Girls are b itches , we just use pms as an excuse!!
gal w/ lower grader than the guy is always possible...it's normal
first, marry whoever the hell you're going to marry.
YOU SEE LIKE A SENSIBLE GUY, SO do DO IT.
WHEN HE is AROUND,TELL YOUR GIRLFRIEND OR SOMEONE YOU KNOW AROUND YOU, THAT YOU ARE SINGLE AND LOOKING.
i was there today and they pinned down my personality and the things I like in men.
FOR YEARS , I LOOK AT EVERY STORE AND TRIED LOOKING UP ALL SORTS OF WEB SITES.
Keep your head up and eyes open.
but most popular girls have such a messed up life outside of school.
'm still trying to figure that out , but I guess you just keep talking and see where it goes.
actually most women I know are less patient than me or my friends
*shaking my head* No way Jose.
don't let your emotions down, embrace it.
ha with a really good question.
they say that to not hurt your feelings
!maybe you do eel the same way he feels . You ask yourself
IF YOU HAVE AN UNDERSTANDING BOYFRIEND , TELL HIM AND ASK WHAT you SHOULD DO.
Most of them make it obvious , so if it looks like he likes you, he probably does..
Tell her to break-up with him!
usualy, unexperienced girls like to play , although they know exactly what they want.
If he does feel the same loss...
It isn't like I don't know.
But THAT is something she's got to do.
), be honest with her...gentle maybe, but honest.
U really do know How You Are.
yes those : just make you look so much older!
Breakups is the hardest , but you will eventually get over it.
just another poser masochist begging for attention on the net guys, ignore him
think that there are still many guys out there willing to have a relationship
Since then , he didn't even call me to find out what was doing.
Easy to get in & out.
that is not love...good luck :)
rule number one, never date at work.
yes a little , but not by every girl that walks by well . Maybe every girl
I met a girl on the net, She meant to me and I liked it!
It's not good sex if she doesn't orgasm.
well to see if he looks at you a lot and wants to talk to you a lot
Some people keep going after it's clear that it just won't work anymore.
a long - distance relationship is one of two people who live far away, even if you see him, yes.
it mayb hard b/c you have 2 think... Does he really love you
Tell him to kiss and rub AROUND your stuff, but not directly on it after your first Big O.
If not tell him you are pregnant, See what he says.
I day he came out and asked me if I liked him . I didn't say anything . I just smile.
that would solve the whole problem.
Remember, there are plenty of fish in the sea =)
if you like my answer . vote it best.
you as your own online friend .
You better back off my man!
it wasnt until I found the one that I do need to fill any hole's that I got married.
but there is never a dull moment thats for sure !
should I just stay single forever?
Because they choose to b & b-cuz they don't like P****
Steak & potatoes Chicken & rice Pizza , Spaghetti Beef stew
HELL YEEEAAAAAHHHH....... but its the best way to do it with a fine female...... OH YES
As 4 , show him you love him, just show him that you are there with him and care.
Oh, yeah... don't stare at him.
when you feel ready to have kids, you should do it...
Even if he wasn't the one, a guy that considers quitting FOR ME would be incredibly sweet.
for the other with out expecting to pay off later.
in brief , let him hate you and send me back if it succeeded
Sorry sweetheart , but not all guys cheat.
ITS TRUE He LIKES YOU IF HE THINKS YOUR HOT.IF HE is NOT A GOOD GUY , YOU WILL KNOW.
It'd not be my first choice of places for him to hang out though, that 's for sure!
I guess your still not over here.
I would not be upset, seen one set seen 'em all, right?
i will go for the twist.
well I do that to my bf but I just do that b/c I am very sarcasic
just be yourself and , after a while , hell see that your true to him
If a guy likes you, he will let you know!
sometimes dat could be the best
it doesnt matter how they are packaged.... We are just SEXIER.....*kisses*
I no I it 's completely normal, 'm a guy so I should know
and The person confronted me on Wednesday.
If you are single...keep it that way.
I don't even hate gay people.
ehh, all I need is a little hole with some heat in there.. Ya know what I mean?
PLAY WITH your HAIR AND SMILE (BUT NOT a FAKE SMILE)!!
yes , there is more then 1 right person for everyone
look deep into his eyes . He ll understand!
We want everything, good personality, good brain, good look, everything!!!!
i'm set for disappointment, I know ;) so there you have your answer
I like that name Chris, so marry him!
take a guy's shoe size, add two, then divide by two.
Laugh at the things she teases you about.
they have to be your best friend .
well she told the other person.
hmmmmmmm.its not really my style, but thats just my opinion.its pretty good though.
do you think I have a chance with a 9th grader . I am in 7th grade .
How about you meet one and see if you two fall in love, then maybe think about marriage!
It It's like a natural power motivating your romance for a specific person, Sometimes I call it Blind Love .
Hi, it's not what anyone else says.
OK IF YOU LIKE HIM , TRY IT OUT.
!I would dump him down the drain!!!
I have questioned him about cheating (which I know he has!)
Or you could just totally break it off.
You looking for guys that only want you for sex.
Tell her that you are always there for her no matter what.
I I I would like to think things could change , but I don't think I can forget.
I feel even worse for Jennifer now that they've announced they're pregnant!
Probably the shock that scraping the bottom of the barrel didn't even work for them!!
From a guys ' point of view!
unlike by telling stuff to friends or family members, there's tension if they don't like what they hear.
If she wasn't good enough for you in the first place , why would she come crawling back?
false because life isn't fair . At least that's what everybody says .
if you're 13...dont worry about love now...you get to grow up and find someone
What I will tell you is these REAL men are fantastic and are nothing like that.
all I can say is relax and enjoy your wife,,, and let her enjoy you .
I feel so depressed and I can't get my mind off of him.
i'm doing it but I'm looking for someone who doesn't...
so then from that there she'll do anything I want, since she likes me so much.
or u can tell the friends of the guy or girl
His face will not glow in the dark.
At least I'd like to think so!
well if he bein bad to you do
he has feelings too, Don't play with him.
Either tell him you want him or you don't.
so maybe you should just figure out what makes you happy.
i would say pursue it and see where it goes.
Well if he always stares at you a lot , there's a start.
You can get her in a dream...!
I don't know if he likes me or if he just wants sex ..
well if he's way older , forget it.... but jus be out w/ it.
1. wear a sexy outfit(its better to wear nothing at all!!)
And don't decide what average is by looking at porn...
Hey look at all the Greek statues!
Did he say yes or no.
hold her neck with soft hands and kiss her on the back of her ear
They want to make out with you maybe even S** and then leave you there for another girl!
(tho not all) Bugs me to the core.
It all depends on how much you like this guy and how much you know him.
Make sure somebody filmes it because it's gonna be a hell of funny to watch on tape.
Girls get a lot of attention they don't want.
The issues that come along might be bigger than your booty ;-)
She either feel in love with her ex again or you were an extreme jerk.
Just wait until she is in love with you , maybe until you are married to have sex!!!
well just have someone else buy them for you
an honest answer to that is, no.
get him to get a condom?
if you just let everything flow.
Do you see what I'm saying at all?
i'm single , but I have a friend that I can kiss.
Your heart is going to break one way or the other.
ya The only way he is going to know is to tell him.
No dumb chicks either, stupid girls are passe.
Why would you ever do that?
that you're not getting from your boyfriend.
Not completely drunk but a little tipsy.
I have no idea what the hell you just said!
you to give up . You gotta try different things , but most likely be yourself!
you'll know it when you find it.
Oh but that's a good one.
leave it alone , There is nothing worse than two females fighting over some guy.
do the things you always wanted to do but could because you were married
A man who likes to dress in women 's clothing
Yes , he really does sounds like the good one you have there .
that The romance is chemical... or biological... its natural...
yes we notice when a guy checks us out!
Well you could start it by saying WHAT DO YOU THINK OF OUR RELATIONSHIP SO FAR?
i even tried calling him and he doesn't answer my calls.
because if you have a positive attitude , then that light in you shows
you could have whip cream or something that she/he likes
Yes and I love her and my children .
Ask your doc if it's a problem..
lot of girls want someone that they can just hang out with and who will be there with. them
So, if a girl overlooks you for your social status , then she is not worth it... Really...
Some men want a good girl, while others try to stay away from women with morals!
sure its ok to have oral sex....and I'm sure he'll enjoy it!
so, Yes do help her . She'll love you more for it.
you get him to know you , then you really have a chance.
he wants a threesome with another dude.
My problem is...after the break up.
His other friends showed up later that night.
Have fun making one anyways- Good Luck!!!
when she gives you head after you DEMAND it .
I would give him a good talking to!
watching a dirty movie and get raunchy.
The guy needs to pull back, really.
Why would any married man want to go see any other woman naked besides his wife?
Grl, just do what you got to do!
Because, I feel something pulling me over here.
YOU WILL HAVE HER SHAKING down
the sooner it 's over , the sooner everyone can learn to live with it and move on!
for some , it is just a matter of willpower to get out and let things happen!
Bump'n'grind, knocking da boots, bubble pop electric
Guys just don't know how lucky they are.
I used to play this shit with a girl I knew from a couple years back.
If he wants to spend time with you . He probably likes you
yeah , but not when some one is pushed aside
TO ANY WOMAN NO MATTER HOW beautiful SHE MAY BE.
you should ask her straight up.
I GUESS IT DEPENDS ON a lot OF THINGS, THE OLDER THE MORE COMPLICATIONS.
Is it ok for your hubby to watch sports without nagging?
Do you love him and does he love you back?
but do forget the highly sensitive area between the nus and the balls.
be yourself, unless you are a loser.
If you can't spell it, you shouldn't be tasting it...
yes it's ok to still love your ex.
i do know who that is .
have one long flirting conversation while doing something he likes.
definitely the kid, no question, at all!
pic-nic at the park, free festivals (look at your city's website -there is always free stuff going on.
Does he avoid something he dislikes or isn't good at?
You don't wanna just kiss anybody.
and where is she right now ?
if he loves you , he will wait for you.
Did you have sex with him?
And I've had a crush on him since 6th grade .. and now we are in grade 10 ...
First of all, cut her off.
Now it varies, but I never go back to being really fit.
If you know him really well , then go for it, girl!
I think he has bigger issues (excuse the pun) than your booty.
Most WOMEN WON'T MAKE THE FIRST MOVE, BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN SHE DOESN'T WANT YOU TO.
and if you end up never falling in love with him , break up.
ive been the cheater and the person cheated on .
Love is blind , but it sure seems to find its way around!
i think it is a bigger deal for us than for guys anyway!
it's really normal to think of him and love him because you just do.
I need some help .. don't get me wrong .. He looks GOOD !!!
You are her friend , you need to tell her.
My sister is getting married to someone she met online
tell him u love him with all your heart
but if you really love him , it will work itself out =)
SO GOOD LUCK IN THE REAL WORLD!
So to easily his mind . I brought this and it works...
be very careful because you do know who you are talking to most of the time.
personal loans could be a good idea.... otherwise...well..borrow!
AND tell her how beautiful she is.
In my opinion... lucky girl you've found your Mr.
not do it Honey . You kill your sprit by dinging that .just try to forget him .
you a home-wreaker and you should be nervous.
because you've been looking at porn.
LOVE CAN MAKE you OR BREAK you
And don't change, because a guy might not like you!
Do I tell my Ex about this?
i already went out with him but I really want to get back together.
This is kinda a given babe.
OMG that man is just a WAY to get sexy.
you love the person because of who he is and not who you want him to be.
If not , you guys can always be friends
Then give him a nice compliment.
but you may have to get over it.
in English Do you having Sex with your friends?
If you mean close female friends that your wife knows because you introduced her (right?)
we still aren't friends like before , but we speak to each other.
LOL (i know you asked about how to learn to kiss)
One One One of my friends is even gay.
I am still looking for One, but he would be a man that likes me as I am.
Then I tapped the girl in front of me and asked her Hey, do you have a pencil by chance?
If he asks you what's wrong?
So I accussed her about doing that.
Get it out there b 4 you lose a friend .
i didnt know how to react so I didnt say anything.
If he isn't ready for a relationship w/ I think you should give him some room.
you should go out with this guy just once, and see if you really don't like him.
If you notice he flirting past normal for him , then you guys should talk.
Show her that she is a good man, and will make a good husband and father!!!
Hope you enjoy :) lol jk
i think u should move on.
I want to join, but want to see what you guys think first.
And 'm sure he did propose to your booty, right?
Hoobastank -- song To Be With You.
this is America We speak English!!!
because it depends if they allow some young teenagers to buy condoms.
no, you need more than just sex, sex is too overrated!
All guys want a girl that makes their friends jealous.
trying to judge the guy's intentions.
I myself am a big girl.
She tell you it is okay to kiss her
Be loving,careing...and Most IMPORTANTLY: BE YOURSELF( NATURAL )
The best love is that which helps and makes you against the worst
you don't want some girl with your man.
because the stranger does not know you well and can not judge you because of that.
just go up and ask him out
The The hickey is put there to show up!
I know that it is not easy , but if you do start now, when?
I don't understand girlz..why they cheat with their true lover...?
They always do, but sometimes pretend they don't.
i mean , Just because we break up does mean we have 2 stop bieng cool.
do FORGET TO CHOOSE AND VOTE FOR the BEST ANSWER!!!
all is fair in love and war.
She want's you to earn it.
May I suggest the TWISTER works well
Why IS IT THAT THESE WOMEN HAVE SUCH AN EFFECT ON ME AS WELL AS MOST MEN
to have love for your ex
If I didn't like them I wouldn't be with them.
i LOVE nice guys, they have a sensitive side.
Just pick the public that likes it, don't invite the ones that don't.
Blondes are freaks . Everybody knows that
well...it depends...does the one you like really like you in return?
Well you can't really do that unless he wants to love you.
some women like the shy type.
If you tell him you do love him , it will hurt his feelings very badly .
because she wants to go to dance with you or maybe because she likes you.
ask if he is and if he says no , get an attitude.
without loving yourself . There is no way that you can truely love anyone or anything.
As far as the other thing, I do know the guy.
Go seeing it when you get a chance.
either way, trust me on this one, you will know when you are ready.
OH YEAH , JUST LIKE THE CAT WOMAN TAMING HER BEAST
Yes, and but bigger is not always better.
I gotta take you out Suga.
HE answered ME (U 'LL BE THE LOSER!!!!)
propose because you want to spend the rest of your life with her.
for the fun, We are so easy to get
Yes deep down inside there are really looking for a relationship , but wont admit it.
!....then with who else who enjoys sex better?
Yes, I like to be with Sombody I like.
SHE IS CONSTANTLY ON your MIND.
If not Maybe you shouldn't get married.
Why am I even caring about celebrity love lives?
for now, just have fun kissing and holding hands.
drinking can cause him to freak out in some one.
What you should care about is the money
I mean honestly... 'leve' you've got to be kidding
and We're in the same boat!!
if at 18, try someone younger.
a simple explination is its just the way they are .
Oh.. and they want everything THEIR way.
theres no way I'd let it happen.
Just look up my profile on yahoo.
And that's just off the top of my head.
This girl that I like, Whenever I talk to her I feel like I say the wrong thing every
AVERAGE I SIX, What IF THE GUY WITH THIS KNOW'S HOW TO USE IT, Is THAT OK?
it was her favorite pair .
I 'm sure Everyone will be honest.
Guys and girls can answer , but please state you sex in the answer!^_^
Is it ok for your hubby to have female friends?
biopolar is when your moods switch around a lot.
!...my messenger id is brmejiac, including me and ....
But more of my male friends say it's latex that does for them.
It does matter THAT much to you
My mom was 35 when she had me, If you don't feel like it don't do it.
For the sake of embarrassment, DON'T ASK HIM!!
because you ca sleep with her without her permission . other than it's rape.
Like others say education comes first!
either he met friends he is just chatting with or he is up to no good.
WE just always think it is.
Not to mention it could add hype to your sex life!!!!
Okay, especially after you get married.
and let me guess, your the right guy???
He's single and you're single , so why not?
if not, try getting to know him a little better, ask him about his love life...just hang out.
Enjoy :) Source(s): many many years of watching porn and playing with toys with my husband (happily!)
if you need help than talk to me lat.
tell her . You want to be her everything.
it really depends...just think when they are going into college...how old do you want to be when that happens?
im proof that opposites attract !
Oh Some of them are really cool.
Hmm, no hard feelings after 3 years?
I choose to spend my time hangin' with the guys.
I have cheated on my husband.
do it in the butt :)
and that he is the one that you want to be with.
but I think it is as long as nobody gets hurt
Wait a minute men do it too!
omg omg u r beautiful . I love you . Will YOU MARRY ME?
not trying to hook up with this girl.
The Poop has never flown outta their asses I guess.
keep hope because it is going to ruin your relationship.
I know what I 'm talking about.
DON'T ASK A WOMAN FOR SEX!!!!!
it is hard for many guys...like guys that can't grow up, If that is the case , find someone new.
There are some things that people will always see in a different way, like politics, religion etc
If you already went out with him and there's no chemistry, then you're wasting his time and yours.
Institute -- Entire First Album Bush -- All Bush albums!
Don't go spreading your dirty germs everywhere, you are not solving the problem, just enhancing it.
well , just get into a chat room or talk to me Love_my_saddle@yahoo.com
JUST TELL HER HOW you feel ABOUT HER
I believe in fallin in Luv quick , but with someone that you know.
she will want a lot of sex...
so we should try to keep our virginity in our minds .
I I I love kids to die . I 'm even willing to date someone who has kids . It doesnt bother me.
Then respond with oh, I'm just real busy right now and quickly walk away.
Other times , if it's not that serious, just agree with her.
try 1 on a weekend , then the other , then you can decide
do you have any aniverseries or birthdays coming up?
Maybe the boys are intimidated by their brains.....guys are like that.
U HAVE BEEN TOGETHER FOR too LONG. time
Obviously He is cheating on you!
U shud have sex only with the person whom you marry.
ask her out and confess your love for her
Then When no one looks , he'll ask you out.
no, because that is too clear however you spell that).
I guess you are young and can deal with this .
I think it because they generally don't like you.. but hey , he was an idiot moving on!
There it , There are many reasons that you cannot reason
Just think I can do this, I got this
i have felt telepathy many times.
Women are easier to deal with than most men realize.
After all, boys come & go.
ABOUT YOU doing THINGS THAT you KNOW I WANT YOU TO DO.
some say that the way a guy treats his mom is the way he will treat his woman.
have They love wines , , music and good fun.
if your now-man is flirting with someone, and believe the ex.
how can they trust again, or even block the what if thoughts out.
do let yourself worry about it or things may not go well.
Just be yourself . Don't rush or you'll crush
Until he works that out . Stay far away from him!!
!..plus it would help US to kno ur age
do unto others what you want others to do unto you Do you want to cheating?
Kick his a-- all the way to divorce court.
i think that you type too much.
tell her how you feel about her and never give up
Good luck and keep the romance going!
But if sleeping with one guy makes me a whore or something, then whatever.
no Sweetie the chaeting guys are immature a real man knows what he wants and will not cheat.
Hi , its not such a hard nut to crack ur baffling problem dudete...
You have to let her know that you love her and you could do that to her OK!
Dude, If you are going to date a girl that asks loaded questions, you gotta know how to deal.
Ask to your so-called best friend,Do you really care about me?
Go to a strip club and/or get a hooker.
if That guy is me . I love you .
i personally think guys do like girls to be as smart or smarter than them.
Even if you knew a guy from birth, you were still strangers at SOME point!
If she smiles, You gotta win .
or, u kan talk with her friends first.
or Did like the movie.
When you tell her sorry, also send her flowers with your love...
what are you pickle or banana . We should definitely chat .
A Dream girl is someone who is sexy enough to look acceptable to anyone !
Physical,, I prefer skinny women with smaller chests!
i mean 'm a girl but that is what makes a girl feel better unless she is stuck up
as long as you both are willing to work at it.
be confident and act like you have done this a million times before
it sucks , but it wont change.
If she's not, then just ask her to leave you guys alone.
i believe so.good luck to that girl!
Both - I leave it to the lady to decide.
OK... see he has a girlfriend and he says that he is straight.
I do not have a boyfriend and nethier do a lot of my friends
In short, my answer is ...
if UR still alone by V-day... hang out with friends!!!
i'm shy around him, but he flirts with me a lot.
yes but in a special church
What do you mean for someone you do like?
mmmmmmmmmmm (i'm getting moist just thinking about it!!!!)
realize that you do need a man to be happy.
in luck cuz i jus happen 2 b a GURL!!!
If you get the right question, let me know!
school or have a friend hook you up with someone or something!
A nice card would be good
now , but he has 1 for me .
um... don't take the picture if she doesn't want you to.
which is what you should do!
Maybe it's just you they don't want to have sex with.
For example, if you are facing a firing squad ........... Fire!
Help me get it right for once!
Then ask her :) Best wishes!
maybe Your ex is jealous , but if you two are on good terms , he might not be lying.
Well ask him or just keep wondering
see the red flags for what they are.....caution..do not energy
How do you know a guy is a player?
Go to Superpages.com They have a free reverse look up!
because it is so sexy to see gurls made out and it just good , very good
I But love gentlemen , so I would ask hey can I sit here?
Don't ge me wrong, I love my wife and would do absolutely anything for her.
would you put it out for all to see or keep it personal!
its rather to be friends with him , than to lose him at all.
Why not ask mary or marques?
he had a 4 - months affair w/her and slept w/her then would come home to me.
KEEP IN MIND NO ONE KNOWS THAT I AM GAY.
(Just don't judge the good ones, by the bad ones stupidity!)
CHECK YOUR SPELLING, AND MAYBE I WILL BE ABLE TO UNDERSTAND THE QUESTION BETTER
While she was reading the gift certificate and talking about how wonderful it was, BAM!
you might've even caused your break up with your ex by telling his friend t.m.i.
being random is what makes life fun
if you are not looking good , he will not be attracted to you.
Try it again . It's gonna get better.
just be honest with her girls like honesty.
the same reason girls like boys :)
Do what I did once
I've met girls with the same problems though!
When I tell people that they look at me like yea right, like exes can not be friends.
But ask yourself the big question...do you really want it to be different or just more involved & thoughtful?
Dress up and get a hair cut.
Just be like, hey - I like you.
I know I have been there and a lot of my friends--guys and girls!
get over him or try to make him into Jealo
Smile, and say hi.... and just start talking...... generally
You just have to wait for the girl who gets all excited.
FIRST TIME . It WAS LIKE,FINALLY I'm THERE . Mmm FEELS BETTER THAN I THOUGHT,OH MY,IT FEELS SO GOOD.
I I I HAVE GONE THROUGH THIS MANY TIMES VERY HHARDDD.
i would you doubt that there is any hope for you?
Not All men are like that.
i find it cute and so grown man.
My honey is going to be low on moola , so if I get some flowers then I'll be happy.
it means he doesn't care about you , but he wants to have sexual relations with you.
just say it and then give her a sweet LITTLE kiss!
r playin with yourself and ruinin your life... you are going to let other people use you .
as a fello girl, I say go for it and BREAK THAT SiCK MAN'SZ HEART!
My friends would all come over and say how cute they were.
The two men, will probably fight.
Send her sexy and romantic TXT MSGS.
There are plenty of aids predetors waiting to share their missouri with people like u and i.
i aint listenin to a guy trying to pick me up!
E. that you are now sick?
.. and be upfront with it.
And That's lot harder on the guy.
either masterbates, or watch people have sex,
and inside were all the same
cleaning house...then he could take me out for lunch..lol
im going to have to say no to this one.
3. Invite him out on the weekend.
No way, if he does it once, he'll do it again.
: ur mother or father start acting differently.
it caused me such pain and sorrow for I was that uptown boy long ago...
You walking really slowly when you are with them..... 10.
So all I can say is follow your heart!!
and he used it against both of you to get what he wants!!
HELL I TOLD YOU TO GO TO SCHOOL AND DO WHAT you wanted TO DO.
Ever guy is different and has different wants and needs.
Not me, but maybe one of my girls.
Tell her, but don't expect it to do much good at first.
EITHER Just MAKE SURE YOUR GROOMED WELL
Don't worry u will find mr right.
walk behind the 1st couple or sit in the back seat with your date.
and if you could make someone love you, it would be artificial, and who would want that?
It was all blonde slutty looking girl hobbies are like drinking with hot guys, partying blah blah.
Maybe the boyfriend does have a problem . Maybe it is an issue at work or family that has him upset.
i do think she a worthwhile friend if your friendship is its conveint.
so they they can get girls . They think just because there is a string we'll sleep with them .
no, because they are gay and ca have a baby of their own?
seems like more guys want to get married and start a family before the girls do exams
a trained counselor or a pedophile using the internet?
Depends on if you had sex with another 11 years old....or like your 40 year old dad.
sometimes you will not find him, he will find you.
OK, it sounds like you are really young.
Men think; nothing goes in them to 'defile' them that I shower can not wash off.
i used to hate girls with big boobs until I finally hit puberty and got them.
They say divorce is like death.
If you don't want to, then don't.
I think you should move on
Its sexy to see 2 beautiful women, but even two beautiful men is kinda gross.
Get to know other guys, and look for someone that wants to be with YOU!
I was 15, I'm now 23, and don't regret a moment of it!
What the hell does that mean?
Does anyone else think he cheated again?
its a two - way street , so you should not handle the relationship by yourself.
Take your time, have fun, and laugh !
both but to be loved is totally better
I hope this helps you out a little
YES UNFORTUANATELY:( AND I'm STILL GETTING at IT.
Where are you looking for women ?
Nope them all out to lunch
But you might get in A NASTY SITUATION IF YOU DON'T MAKE THIS CLEAR.
I don't have one either...kind of like it better that way...most the time anyway.
Why do guys care about how strong they are or if they have a six pack or not?
try to put yourself in there place.
It It It just true that we like more of a good thing.
IF he's thinking anything, it's YEAH, she's letting me near her breasts!!
Be confident that you are a complete person now, they don't like desparate guys.
try to ask a funny question that will do it.
For All- Does it really matter if a female shaves her vulva (PUBIC HAIR)?
but who's a virgin nowadays
It sounds like it to me.
I don't steal or cheat on anything.
PLUS, YOU HAVE TO BE CAREFUL W/ MEN WHO ARE WILLING TO MESS with W/ YOU EVEN IF YOU'RE MARRIED.
you won't give anybody the time of day.
If you passed the age of 20, kinda worry about it.
the first kiss , the guy should make the movie . It is just what it is supposed to be
Ask her what 's up with that?
have sex and in between , talk about important issues that you feel strong about...
Sex IS NATURE, Just AS RAIN IS NATURE . It POURS DOWN AND WET THE GROUND.
you can get it up but you need to get more excited about it.
hard to understand with all the ****s but I'm guessing.
wut are SMS jokes?i could probably care less .
Sit on a couch, have popcorn, and watching a MOVIE
they laff at you behond you back.
you can probably do it by yourself.
KEEP LOOKING...THE HOT AND LOVING COMES AFTER THE RING.
haah no.. they want you to do the leg work.
ANY woman who feels sexy, will WANT to take a nude picture of the man she loves.
The battery and fireworks were arrested, 1 got charged , the other got let off
bUT IF YOUR BOYFRIEND TREATED YOU LIKE CRAP WELL , HE DESERVES IT....
Where did you hear this rumor?
Maybe you should be a shoe salesman like Al Bundy
smoke a cig,pretend you are finished lol
that is what my book says
Because I 'm a young stallion.
Just b yourself and start talking.. You will know if it is a good thing to by her response
it's human nature for boys to like girls babe...sssss
take your time and the time is right . Tell him
Sometimes Marriage counseling is a lot cheaper!
because it's just awesome and hot, but if two guys did it, it is just weird and nasty.
and short skirts... depends how short.
have you ever seen him with a girl, or talk about other women?
So if your not a bouncer , don't worry . I would probably be more attracted to you.
If she shows concern then.............. be warned
you have to be able to look the other person in the eye at least...
Well, what do men really want?
i like this boy but I don't know if he likes me.
Go get another woman and get on with your LIFE!
Keep 'em guessing.... You're a man, aren't you?
Trust me, you don't want to deal with that crap.
yes you can, because you do have any more relationshpis
DON'T FOOL YOURSELF INTO BELIEVING THIS GUY WILL PLEASE YOU IN a WAY YOUR HUSBAND CAN'T OR WON'T.
Depends on how much money you have
other than that, I don't think anyone would appreciate sharing a bed with someone like that.
A guy feels happy pain...I know it sucks , but it the truth.
And usually just after you stop looking.
using protection every, single time- even clinton style
Just say hello nice and then say did I say that out loud.
maybe you really are just a nice guy.
hmmm, if head counts then I got head on the monster plantation(boat ride in the dark) at sixflags(over georgia).
YOU MIGHT BE SURPISED!~ I TELL no LIES!
well it dose say till death do you part
Stay or do not stay, but do not cheat.
Do what you like to do & do it well.
they are hard to deal with , but don't let them stop you.
You get slapped, or B. you get laid.
well, try to enjoy what she enjoys!
i would want a guy to be honest, tell her they will still be friends.
would you rather them like boys?!?
7 to 8 inches, give or take a little, ...lol
just go up and ask what can hurt?
they'll call you stupid &you'll ruin your reputation.
Yeah I think guys do care about how you look!
YES, after awhile it starts to lose meaning.Been There and Still There!
HEY, GO NOW AND LOOK IN THE MIRROR!!!!!!!!!
( Although having the baby before sex wasn't really possible)
it could be school related or something you found out she liked.
it doesnt matter so much about the size.its all in the way you work it!
Don't knock it until you try it.
gals like other girls , similar to guys like gals.
I think I he likes me , but that never hapons
do ruin a good thing if you have got it.
no is she the owner of parker pens
Im sorry but your **** out of luck ... because she is too old!!!
First look at your nick, decadence angel!
with my hubby for days , I n't want him to touch me.
playing her game w/ her and if she freaks , tell her what she does to you.
well, Id say.. brought me shopping.
AND I JUST MARRIED HIM LAST YEAR.
or you will find yourself getting something that you don't want.
always put this at the back of your mind: fidelity is for women while infidelity is for men
Nope, you are totally screwed...unless you are a Mormon.
2)What should I do to impress her / him?
And She's the only girl I've ever kissed.
They're just stupid underwear that goes up your butt as far as I can see.
trying to break the illusion.think of him as just some ordinary guy.
It Is it all a test to see how far they can take or how much you can handle.
Being a good girl is a good thing without a doubt.
Whoever that guy is , he's a jerk and also very screwed up in the head.
Everybody wants to give a precious gift to his love.
get it together dude,start thinking with your cock!
get out now, hold your head high, and wait for a guy who'll drop everything for you!
HEY You SHOULD JUST TALK to HIM!
when they start trying to tease you about it .
She obviously likes the other girl, so back up and let her be.
YOU HAVE BEEN SHACKED-UP FOR 3 YEARS AND NOW WANT A RESPECTABLE RELATIONSHIP.
Women bleed for four days and don't die.
then you will just get hurt again.
Your high SIZE DON'T MATTER AS LONG AS IT does BOTHER YOU.KEEP 13,14 OUT OF IT,TO YOUNG.
If that fails to spend all your money on her - but I wouldn't do that!
ask her to join you for a coffee
IF TWO PEOPLE ARE ON THE SAME PAGE . It CAN WORK OUT REALLY well
not a creator of problems... but every now and then... GIVE IT UP!!!..
Well , you should pick a girl that will love you very much.
Turned off...talking Erect...touching It's not rocket science...excuse the pun...
Pay the fee (not worth it) and you'll be able to do all you want.
Ask her out for Valentines day.
Agreed, If you like things the way they are, but want more, just don't push anything.
Well, I think yes and no.
Maybe you should talk about it with your brother FIRST, then see what happen's with this boy you like.
You should sit together on a couch so that she'll feel all sunglely then she'll like you .
My boyfriend wants the same from me and I do want to.
Go out and make it happen!
Are you guys IN-LOVE WITH EACH OTHER???
well uh yea 'm normally a really nice guy but ur a fucked up ho .
I think you have a lot of money and the sisters know it!
now I know how to dress
If you want bad advice, this is probably a good place :)
Even though I am single , there are only certain types of guys that I feel attracted to.
you do want to be stereotyped by all females,niether do guys.
Well if your boyfriend and girlfriend, it would be a problem asking her to do anything
for example , say he says I LOVE YOU like 5 times back to back
That, and they know men are pigs.
ask him.....and a friend who would know.
Try to move on and just stay FRIENDS with her for now.
Girls love candles, that 's what I give all my girls!!!
Yep... kinda makes you wonder why you broke up with him??
and do be creepy about it!!!
With guys, it is more like a Check this one out and then it is over.
(only people without money will tell you different because they don't have it)
BABY DON'T HURT ME, DON'T HURT ME, NO MORE!
find out who her favorite band is and buy her a tshirt , cd or video of them.
talk to her ask her how her love life is going
first of all , convince a girl
Simply because you are a GOOD person.
Best friends do not do this to a friend!!
It's not as sweet if you make it a big huge deal.
But hey nothing Ben N' Jerry's and some chickflicks couldn't help, or rebound dating.
Maybe you should hang out with some guys sometimes.
Makeup works or just blame it on a curling iron, haha
So don't worry what are you sad about
you do have to be a vergo, just real.
yes and I love the time I do that with feeling love with a ladies between 50 and 60 .
he has the right to know.
rumors always has an element of truth!
yeah I am but it wo work.
Sure, if you don't mind the pain of having your cojones cut off.
But what if it doesn't just happen?
I think Lee Ryan I just looove that accent .
in your situation it is so hard.
She will look at you all the time.
congrats on the pursuit of being a pastor.
Don't let anyone on here lie to you!
it depends on the age of the guy.
first... take off all the suggestive pictures in your profile - you attract morons like me.
Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me.
Why all people have problems with speech...and spelling need to ask such a dumb question?
they open their mouths and TALK!
not much maybe your love for your girl and flowers and chocolate.
of course , sexy gals can arouse gals like guys.
chat rooms, or use your search engine.
Ok let me break this down, I am a woman.
But if he just keeps talking , then put this one in the history book and keep moving.
does he go on the computer?
YES.. Love can happen anywhere..anytime..you never know it!
like about your greatest sex fantasy.
But if she gets hot, then GET a DUN or something like that.
i 'm THIRTEEN AND WHAT I DO IS JUST TALK TO HIM AND TRY TO BE BEST FRIENDS.
u that is unless you do know him well enough.
ask yourself, what type of girl are you looking for and what would she be doing.
It I It don't mean playing hard to get.
if she does like you the way you do , then do form what she wants.
Always watch their actions and don't go just by the I love you alone...K
NOW YOU MUST TRY TO WORK IT OUT!
even If they are gay, they also have a love life
Just be yourself and it will happen!!
unless you are a lucky one and find nice guys , but theres only about 2 of them.
and multiple partners as in I'm gonna sleep with you today and your brother tomorrow?
Whispering in my ear and tickleing
plus i dnt want a black with a village bicycle , so I hold self by the same standards.
I wouldn't be gay to start with.
Now - you can throw yourself into work/life.
IT NEVER SHOULD BE; BE AWARE
Stay a virgin or don't do it again, until you are married.
Love is when you cannot stop thinking about that person and you always want to see him/her.
He does kinda flirt with me but then laughs...
uhm....they are nicer to look at >.
if you got friends who can connect you to new people, then you have a chance to meet someone nice.
Cheaters are sexier when you drunk!)
just tell her to knock it off
funny it is, but guess the way it's said... PINKU
To me hooking up is like foreplay but no sex.
You've got the girl, you don't need porn.
My friend slept with a guy one night... no sex.
he is a bit shy and I want to make him love me more.how could I do this?
I wasn't looking, wasn't expecting anything...
thinking about other women is not cheating.
I hope everything works out for you guys, just talk about it.
Don't worry, everyone likes to talk about themselves!
But that's what it feels like every time I'm with him.
Are you a now a woman, or just a pathetic stalker.
Im not, Why be afraid to tell people.
how about no pick up line.
If you do given, he thinks that you do love him and appreciate him.
That I have to teach her how.
wiping the tears with your bear 's hand and kiss on the cheek
NOT You should HAVE SEX TILL MARRIAge do YOU KNOW HOW TO READ
Hope you find peace soon...so much anger cannot be fun.
Try to move on,what else can you do.
Just enjoy it & do what feels right.
but to a certain extent , they look good on a lot of girls.
and why didn't you ever leave?
Why don't go I am a fucker.com bitch
Then his friend couldn't go with me then.
no That is a huge age difference for younger people .
everything.except things I don't know anything about
How did you know you were gay?
they tell you they love you, yet they still leave...
if ur shy to sk someone out , then no good.
Some guys do appreciate that though.
soeone who can better understand her.
How did you ask your girlfriend to go out with you?
If I were you, I'd be wondering what else he is lying about.
well , just go out and hopefully youll find one !!!
do you think he would take you back if you cheated.
i like this guy a lot at my school.
You just like black women and don't know it.
FIND OUT FOR SURE..IF ITS TRUE , THEN DUMP HIS SORRY BUTT
So, can a guy really be too nice of a person?
Don't let anyone tell you different.
It is not right in Gods ' eyes!
i know it sounds like a clich , but it may be the best thing you can do.
Could be a number of reasons: 1) Confidence level -- she could be shy!
then , If you are with someone , then that is another thing also.
Genie - as in the bottle kind.
talk to him and see if he thinks it has fallen apart too.
i think she likes you but doesn't want to tell you to keep trying to get to her!
Sometimes It's hard for us girls to accept that guys just aren't exactly like us.
Be loved cuz then you feel special inside . =)
so ask your date to take a walk and excuse your else from the other couple.
you're getting married, and your fiance suspect's you're interested in your ex?
just love what a woman longs for
no, but any one that would have sex with you at such a young age would think you one.
Yes IT is A FREE COUNTRY . . Why NOT
think about not what you say to him, but how you say it.
So why do you like me?lol.............
I see a lot of celebs doing it but not only celebs are getting into the trend!
LOVE HIM... for real... don't fake love.
Hey hon, can you just grab me another beer?
But if he tries to act nice and talk nice to you, then... you know.
out of the blue 9 out of 10 times is because he is looking for a booty call.
That's cheating, I feel bad for my boyfriend.
i know what you are talking about.
correct me if I'm wrong , but isn't everyone different?
1)how do you know if you love a person?
she has a great body, great abs, pretty face and nice perky boobs.
Sexually - get to know the man in the boat.
unable to enjoy life as someone is overbearing.
(Unless he is a horse... size usually doesn't matter.)
Get some and you'll not think about it as much.
Keep that guy who love's you a lot in your pocket and maybe you will love him later.
Thats all it takes, a friendly hello and--Boom!
My mom says it's wrong but she does know how comfortable I am around him.
You can't have too many friends.
What was the deal w/ the first marraige??
there are some that do(just cannot rememberthe name).
No It's one of the most sacred rules ever . You don't date your ex friend... it's called BACKSTABBING!!!!
IF YOUR MARRIED IS GOOD, STICK W/ YOUR HUSBAND.
I'm 17, I can sing, I'm a sweet guy, not bad looking, and I'm going to be a pastor.
i just want someone to spend it with and that would work just fine for me
What if this guy scams people for a living?
let your eyes ponder and it will direct you to those perfect girls of your fantasy or dreams ...
Rate your marriage on a scale of 1-10...10 Being best . What makes it so good/bad?
What do women really want ?
They care because they want girls and friends to think that they are hot and sexy!
Really dear... don't ask people such a question... but if you ask for advice.. then here's mine...
Also how would you ask her out?
Especially if you break up for some reason.
The Whenever I look at any particular thing , The first thing that comes to my mind is sex.
someone will like you as you are .
This way, if she doesn't have a boyfriend, she'll probably ask YOU to go to dinner with HER!
At that point , you would probably become the cheater...
I went and picked her up (yeah, her mom wouldn't let her get her license, even at age 18!)
i'll give you fifty bucks to sit by me for two hours .
it is hard to tell from your question......
Depends on the guy,as an emo , I can say I would be happy being with that girl.
never ever ever believe this, it is a lame excuse and it only used so they do feel guilty!!
when you see her around and you do know where you are going or do
I'm in love with my soulmate, confidante and best friend...and the great thing is, she loves me, too!
like making love..what you want and expect.
depends, not on the first night though.
plis I love to read your advice........
Think about it - it is kinda great to be a bachelor again!
i have a couple straight friends like that.
Do that BEFORE moving on with the other guy.
i don't have much luck myself.
just be a friend and show her what you are like on the inside.
Well to me , it seems like these so - called good friends aren't such good friends at all.
We live together now and he is an amazing guy!
they might just think ur trying to do them a favor and dating em to make them feel good.
Sunshine's on the right track....so pick her as best if it comes down to him or I.
if you two are with other people or what
I 'm a girl , send me a pic . My email is ltenenbaum9119@yahoo.com or wildone91191991@hotmail.com
like he liked that part of you?
or just keep track of how boys react around you... and so some investigation..
I just don't get it, that adult'ssssss these days have no self control.
and That's not a bad thing.
you might like them a lot, but it isn't love.
If she does'nt like , then forget her and go find a girl that can like you for
Don't worry, he's with YOU now.
maybe start with sexy fully - clothed pictures.
Anyway it always cracks me up to think of a car rocking back and forth , so for me no.
Okay... Before you get any FURTHER attached, let her go!
tell him that you have a boyfriend and tell him that you can be friends with him.
PRAY to the most high GOD to put her in your path!
Does it really sound like he has changed??
YOU KNOW , I wanted TO HUG AND KISS ALL THE TIME YOU NEVER WANTED TO.
HIS GAME IS OVER, AND YOU'RE LEFT OUT TO DRY BY YOURSELF.
Best advice, don't do the crime and you won't have to face the time.
Typically you'd say thanks, because apparently he thinks it's *time* you got some new draws.
of course, if they really are 'true' enough.
i don't think he will say now (can I join in)
some day you will, and you will know why?
and the other girl... I'll let someone else answer that
i promise it works because I had chkd SVRL times on many girls in such cases.
Let her know you are a virgin if she doesn't already.
babe, Sadly I think your man is cheating.
love is a buttiful thing but you play with your LOVE = emotions then u just ****ed up
wut I did be nice , but do go out of the way to do things with her.
Once a while,she would be nice to me and I feel like I in heaven!.
who gives a fuck with SMS jokes,be real girl
MINE DID AND WE HAVE BEEN MARRIED FOR 35 YEARS.
if he can't take it , then lose him.
do it in person, it hurts worse when its done over the phone
Why is she jealous... coz she loves you
!And for Godssakes please don't have a baby that young,a baby will complicate your life even further!!
Find out who your 'real' friends are?
i think the best way is to make friends with that guy.
Not All women are like that .
the way you're in the seat ;)
if you keep changing your mind about him .
hell yeah, go out and look.
Only is she is not really a girl.
but I wear them in college??
and the thing is his family does like for both of you to be together.
He wants to send you mixed signals and amplify the attraction process more....!!
read the book . He's just not that into you!
'm NOT SAYING YTHAT U R lying . I AM JUST NOT SUR.
if they really are just making it up , then you should have been good together anyways
r Jeolous if you so get over it .
ask her if she likes the movie Beauty and the Beast.
Well from my saying, you should go on and flirt with him alotto try and get to know him!
after we had this talk . He then asked me , are we o.k.
Youngest age: 16 , No younger than that!
What you should do is flirt with him a bit and smile around him.
ONCE A WEEK , you CAN AFFORD IT . BUDDY
well you must seek only trashy women.......
it usually just flows on from there.
how would you feel about your baby?
words and words and mean nothing at all unless there is action to back it up.
You would do anything for them...... 1.
No, I would never do that!
i am scared he would give his heart to me
we with the same question . answer yourself .
it might not be his fault after all.
Give it a try and good luck!
if you into it go for it!
No It's not cheating.. it's just you fantasizing.
if your wife won't take nude pictures, maybe she's uncomfortable in her own skin.
or ask her to the movies or something like that.
i'm positive that someone will love you one day
If the first happens, Don't worry, you'll get it up again, If the second happens great!
At least as much maybe more!
They DON'T work in real life.
They have the theme rooms etc.
Yes ur not only a whore , ur a slut!
and will these feelings all pass?
First of all, do you really hate them?
do do something like that because in the long run it comes back to hunt you.
Chat and ask if she would like to have coffee IN THE MUSEUM cafe.
this will be in June and I don't want my future wife disappointed
As far as men wanting to get married early , I havent seen where I 'm from.
How I can say the dumbest thing and he still finds it funny.
Because I think that I did.
perking them up , tell them a really funny joke .
It doesn't have to be anywhere fancy, just somewhere special to You guys.
Girls like it when they think the guy actually pays attention to more than her boobs!
I know when I came out to my mother she said Oh, your not funny like that!
dropping something in front of her and say hi that will start it . 4 .
It everything , It seems so much easier now.
yes , two girls like me . I do.
its not so much that we like girls, we just like sex.
just be yourself and find someone who cares .
you can buy what you want or need.
get her a cute little stuffed animal.
or wave to him in the hallway.
Jeez, what the hell kind of question was that?
Also you just have to get to know her better.
I do think my dad is a cop and statitory rape is a serious business .
i don't know....you should wait for your soul mate...
Then go where these people go.
well that happened to me , but I wasnt pregnant and she is n't a size 4!
Just look at Eminem and his wife.
or is she sum 1 ur want 2 talk 2?
just be urself a woman loves an honest guy.
We also went to dinner, That was plenty for me!
it depends on what people will think about you.
he doesnt want me to leave , because he wants to be with me all the time.
but nothing wrong with marrying anyone you find on the street.
but if you really like all of them , pick one.
And Fyi: Not all guys play games.
that's the explination.they Can't be faithful unless the one true love strikes them over the head.
It hard , but there are some meanings out there . They're just hard to find
i told my friend that too.
by the way , I am o.k.
the other girl is after one thing, and it is in your pants...
If she takes off her pants and sits on your lap....you got good chances.
:) Wish you all the luck in the world... Cheers-Danae
Its probably a good idea to talk it out with him.
I mean , after all , that`s all girls do to guys.
It's not right to say hey , your an a**hole because your hot.
it's very simple...tell her to back off in a nice way...honesty is the best policy.
Many men are just like that with breasts.
Just don't get your hopes up too much...
i'm sure you will find some body, keep looking.
and that's how to prove his love you , Then you go to that city.
but my absolutely beautiful wife married me and I look like an idiot .
Neither am I. I am a Nigerian dude looking for the same thing!
whenever and your wife can share the night with outside dinner
you ladies should just come out and say ~ Pound da s**t outta my cootchie please!
How can I get my best friend (guy) to join me and my 'girlfriend' in bed...?
though if you love each other , love will find a way its way back for both of you.
if you prefer the postal route , it is also possible .
not only for your soul , but for your health.
don't date him- it'll be troublesome
Start slow - join a club or team or choir or other group that has girls in it.
It Looks like you are hooked on phonics , didn't work for you
you cheap #@!$* just kidding, how much was the watch?
its the most special feeling you will ever have.
If you can't trust each other, why would you even THINK of getting married?
Well you don't really say what or how he's abusive.
U need to ask him that honey.
you should not be thinking about Marraige if he does not trust you.
and He has lost his romance
SEE WHAT MADE YOUR MAN CHANGE.
and make the best you can out of your life.
Is he the only guy you can get?
YOU WILL NOT FIND TRUE HAPPINESS WHEN YOU LOOK OUTSIDE YOUR MARRIAGE.
Just go up and say hi.
Or just say hey whats up?
just be yourself yourself and be honest.
It It It really hard to say what is average.
just expose yourself to him ;) work every time...
Who the hell sees you like an object????????
Yes harry larry, you're a whore.
then left him hanging and I felt really bad.
hot girl get it while you can : P no 'm just kidding . I 'm not THAT insensitive.
First off, never, NEVER EVER answer a question like that from a woman!!
if you mean a hickey , then rub a lipstick cover over it and twist it.
Kill yourself, then you are the one dying, and that should make everyone happy.
um no that just screams immature!
And all that is called L.O.V.E!
sounds like you just had a bad breakup and he doesnt want to be a rebound boy.
ask me my code name is iverson
don't... love your life and yourself first if you want to love another person..
Some people don't get hit on at all.
be yourself go up to her and ask her how she is doing.
You know, that is asked a lot by girls.
then just talk about deeper things, not like, so, how's life?
Hiiii this matter is about love .
You get high from their scent..... 3.
TRy talking about your boyfriend or girlfriend.
if you have any more questions like that , don't be afraid to email me at: iceskater_ashley@yahoo.com
WELL THAT 's WHAT I WOULD DO!
IT'S EITHER THEY HAVE IT OR THEY DON'T
or start with just a bra and pantes first.
probably He's self-conscious and has a lot on his mind..
F. She thinks you are lying?
do feel ugly if you know that you are pretty.
What if you had gotten married then all this happened??
you can rub my feet anytime
Just make sure you swim well.......and buy some wellies!
Um...we're just like any other kind of girl!
But if you love him , you need to tell him.
i am sure I ca be the only one out there looking for a guy like you!
kiss.com ... that's where I met my honey :)
Give his head while doing it.
if you do voice out , do get it.
If she has a boyfriend, and she's happy, then back off!
U can always ask her friends too.
HOWEVER----i find him looking at me every now and then.
Ask him yourself if he wants to go out with you.
If he is, do allow him to hurt you- leave him right away!!!
Is he teasing her a lot?
if your friend really has a problem with them dating , then talk to the guy.
well it 's hard to talk about one's self :-D
i like an average girl and she is very pretty, but shy to some people.
talk about something she might be interested in, or a movie
Thats All you have to do.
Just try giving him some hints , like tossing your hair etc.
So no we aren't always trying to be nosy.
you are afraid of losing .
You forget what she looks like?
Her name is Megan and she likes me so much.
And you ca sweat this crap because you love a hoe.
You should wait until it feels like the right moment, whatever you do , don't RUSH!
But lot of men and some younger boys look at a woman as a whole package.
You have to be In love to know what it is
Yes, most guys ask girls out, but hey, you've got to give us a sign!!!!
because I am thinking about doing it
move on, there was an obvious reason it didn't work out the first time.
If you touch, laymake a move, etc.
you will marry at the same age that HE (your true love and friend) wants to marry you
Stop looking and wait for her to come to you.
what restaurants are you going to?
Just saying happy birthday and that's it.
FYI...it only takes 4 to penitrate.
When will I get my chance?
now I have to get off here and go snuggle up... See ya later!
not do this until you are sure you are ready .
so on,on,on, something you are doing, is saying to them come and get you????????
just be real . tell her what is on your mind . tell her what you feel . She will be very happy .
take her to a movie that she likes
well 'm a guy and I know what it is.
OMG why would you send somebody a copy of your ID?
Yes I am.. and after 5 years, we are still in love .
Aslong as she is using it correctly . You guys will not get pregnant.
depends on how mature they are?
First, would your brother care if you started a relationship with this guy?
Just think of it that way.
you get that warm fuzzy damp feeling in your blue jeans
maybe You do include them in it.
ca save a life with words.
lots of random posts tonight , huh?
not all women.. take it from me..
money If you have money , you don't need anything else.
since you are shy, maybe hang out with some of your friends when you flirt with him.
If she's your girlfriend , why would you need to impress her?
Either way, you don't have what she wants RIGHT NOW.
IF IT'S BAD, SEEK COUNSELING, AND IF THAT DOESN'T WORK, JUST END IT.
if you do know that..then you are numb!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i think you should get a plane ticket and go see him!!!
Well me myself... I am still a virgin and yes , sometimes I feel embarrassed about telling people
Plus, there are just the people that get pregnant on the pill, even with perfect usage.
I me, I 'm the best choice hands down
I want a reply from you.
have you ever tried yahoo personals or eharmony.com or other dating services.
no, hanging out with friends or going to outragous partys is the only way to have real fun.
If she knows you like her , then just chill.
Or the signs are there (guys checking you out), but you just not read them.
What do you think I should do??
I care about him a lot..but sometimes I wonder if it's truly love.
you're not insecure, you just see through his crap.
and put down a towel, no one wants to sit in the water
Get the ball rolling and keep going.
if you don't, then let some other person help or just give them a little quit time.
STAND UP FOR YOURSELF, START LETTING PEOPLE know EXACTLY HOW YOU FEEL ABOUT BEING ABUSED!
'cause you should b. I guess, that is just what we work
but check it out , usually between the ages of 35 and 45 HA prime time
3 Tell yourself I can't do this now and mentally lay it aside
if you want to be a virgin b4 marriage, maybe 17 or 18.
try your best to see it yourself first.
Do some guys like this or will I just need to fake how I am to keep someone?
u shouldn't have any doubts in your mind about them.
You reading their texts over and over again..... 11.
did you run out of medication or is therapy school on break!?
...oh, you're a really sweet sounding guy.
For example, if you just sit there straight faced , then it sends a message that you don't care.
no offense or anything , but I do think Las Vegas is a good place to get married
She is who she is...... like it or leave it!
no Really it is a form of herpes but not the kind you are worried about ,
i love well - formed females under five feet really,
if that is the reason you never had anything with him to Begian with as far as prettier .
us girls are twisted, do try to understand us.
If not , then go for it all the way , but except for what ever comes from it...
'm a girl I know boyfriend is like black guys . They like the gurl booty rather than the beautiful
AND I WAS GONNA GET A JOB AND YOU STOPPED ME FROM GETTING IT.
Yo son , if you really want a girl to like , you got to be urself.
i only admit it to people who have r virgins too.
yes.i don't think there's any problem with it.but if he has some other good qualities also.
Second I think you are too young to have a g/f.
but says he doesn't want to go with you and doesn't want to, and doesn't tell you why???
so they can pick lettuce while they cruise :) dont worry, I am Mexican!
what I should I do if my best friend was talking about my boyfriend .
you better stay away from jail man.
If Myles is the one you want , then get him back.
if he doesnt like it move on.
OK, 'm a very straight guy.
you ignore her acitvity & work
But girls are like that too, always think they're not cute, sorta gets annoying.
eat lots of chocolate and ben and jerrys new york fudge chunk ice cream.
i'm sure there is somebody out there for you
Nice looking women treat men good too.
Just don't let random hot women get to you.
the first time I had sex , I was 9.
If you still want to play around , then don't get married.
The in The person would be the best over the phone , just shows what a coward they are!
he might get turned off too and you might be able to have a little fun.
if you were gay , Why wouldn't you want to married to the person you love.
Show him that you care and still want to be friends if you two break up!
We got married 10 1/2 years ago, even though I never proposed!
AND The food isn't that good and the beer selection is lacking!
I just tell my friend I have strong feelings for her.
Well I hope things work out for you and GOOD LUCK to you . l8r
You actually mean girl or woman
for a real bf, you should be 18.......but can be younger if you are just a buddy
Not u. lot of guys are hoes and want their di** to fall off.
guys are afraid of being made a joke about and turned down
find a girl you like and do any crazy thing to get a date
thats the last thing you should feel
be honest and forward do beat around the bush, It will only make it worse
Besides how do you know the guy who wants a fling will love you.
i don't think it's odd if that's what he wants from you.
Do you think that kids back then snuck the occasional peek.
First of all , your boyfriend should lie!
No, it was a fling...I don't think his girlfriend would like it....
:( But I sure love it.
SEX TOO , IS ONLY PLEASE WHEN IT IS DONE.
is it because you expect him to love you the way you love him?
4) Waiting -- to see what you are REALLY about .
but l love my hubby with all my heart and l wo want this to continue.
don't do the same things, try to spice it up by doing new things.
his family rejected that coz of my age!!
Not only did he rape your girl, but he was your so - called friend.
Cheater or man with something to hide!
!IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
if you know them well , ask them what they up. to
if things turn sour in the relationship with your boss , then things can turn sour on your job.
don't fake because if it turns serious they will notice.
if they are always in your face smilin
LOOK TO SEE WHAT HAD HAPPEN IN THE TIME OF MARRAGE.
I guess boys should be after girls , not men!
Thats a lot of stress you don't need right now!
She should always always love me . Should be romantic.and she should be hot.
and try and figure out-what happened,here.
to avoid answering the real answers
id personally love both =] but id rather be loved.
i just want to ask for opinions that would best fit my question.
The bigger they are, the more they get in your way!!
dude, I'm goin through the same shit right now.
because you're a baby and can't get over it.
These are questions that good - caring women look for.
from my own personal experience...just try to be funny!!!
men can touch their balls , women can't
like: not to start talking to him/her, not asking about him/her, not answeering him/her for a long time...etc !
the best thing he ever did to me was when he bought me the first rose.
If you marry her, you could rub her feet for life!
you know there have to be blondes mixed into this .
your nuts , leave the guy alone
probably Girls always want what they ca have
How well do you know this man?
My friend cheats on his girlfriend because girls beg him too.
or maybe she just doesn't want to
being a guy, it is embarasin wen ur 24!
and given that I am not in that setting , I don't know what is driving that.
when she starts playing around with you and talking to you a lot.
She My friend having her first kid
Now , you have to take a first screen every 6 months for the next 3 years.
8 years together , she still looks great.
i think every single gurl who is looking......looks for a a real loving, understanding, caring man !!!!
OK, ask her to go outside in the parking lot with you because you need some air.
Or at least the ones I've asked do.
That isn't why he said it.
Looks like you got the point.
What ever you do' dont stay with a cheater.
my sympathies, but just tell everyone straight up
see I used to date this fat guy, until he broke up with me.
No, a guy can't be too nice.
Are you sober right now...this seems like a pretty sappy question.
do ask always.... tell you about yourself, your dreams, your goals ...
which I think is so nasty since I have a bf!!
a skirt , it is more comfortable for a girl and sexy for guys .
'm 15 , He's 18 and in college he loves me too , but we decided it would work.
Then find out what she is into...then go to her and say I heard you like(mexican?
The First thing u gotta do is stop spending so much time on the computer asking dumb ass questions.
Maybe you should just leave her . She might be trying to help him get to heaven faster!
It just might knock his socks off.
THATS EASY, ME GETTO TACO BELL !!
If It is your first time yea it prob.
this guy has serious issues...log off/sign out immediately and wo EVER EVER contact him again!!!
you to make him love you.
do some thing you enjoy if your date enjoys it too , then you have some thing in common .
things will go smoothly if you try this.
they aren't complicated at all... self - centered is the proper terminology
But thank god we tried it out first!
and if you get told no, so what!
nothng wrong, it could be just fear.
Be stick on that and you will succeed...
was there a reason you guys waited hours to get married?
Don't trust other people, no matter who they are.
or just stay seprated if you are in no hurry to wait him out and maybe he will file
SOMETHING THE BOTH OF YOU NEVER EXPERIENCE TOGETHER.
females trying to play with guy's heads.
Don't worry about the boyfriend stuff.
I Why I break up with him us like him .
If she is really one, you outta luck.
Um...I often smooth talk her, get close, and invite her over.
so it can happen!...Anyways hope this helped!
But they can't be any guys you have to be close to them.
I recently had a great guy friend kiss me.
Your husband can't control your mind!
What would having your picture back accomplish?
no...as far as I know, he's not dating anyone right now
Then, do what you like to do.
Shaved look like a little girl, and I don't want a woman to look pre-pubescent.
1 just being that he's not divorced yet.
If you want to, then go ahead.
i did like the taco bell answer.
But....like sunshine suggested.....read up on it!
It's like some weird animal instinct.
MAYBE YOU NEED TO TRY SOMETHING NEW WITH HER.
when you figure this one out . Please let me know
just be yourself...do NOT try to be something you're not!
everywhere, They are like grocery stores all over the place
You should be like a Wow girl . You are so cute what your name
I NEED MORE INFORMATION TO ANSWER THIS QUESTION!
Umm...no panties would actually be more comfortable than butt floss.
People conversate with other people all the time!
PLUS I'd rather not choke myself :p
They really don't, it's just how they communicate.
sex at the neighborhood park in the daytime(nobody was there).
not on the first date but def on the 2nd!
give her a large teddy bear and ask her to pose with it.
I felt like I was kissing Mushmouth!
Why are all the HOT boys jerks and the ugly boys are nice?
STAY LOYAL TO THE GUY YOUR MARRIED TO, do CHEAT!!!
lolz...n e wayz first of all, do you have the gurl?
worked for her with her family.
get her fav flovers,chcolate, your love.
you not feel ugly and unwanted just because a guy treats you like shit.
So, until then, I think I'll just hang out and have friends.
hope I help you even a little...
If you don't want suprises then next time tell him what you would like.
or you love him the way he is?
Just always be there and she will eventually warm up to you
move on , It will be the best for both in the end .
Now we broke up . Now his friend wants me.
maybe not, but if you want to know just how he is, you can mail him asking that.
because they want to get girls duhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
But right after you dumped the now-chow, and your ex starts flirting, and go back to now-man.
and in same girls as boys , , but boys have those things which girls have not.
quick answer: our brains actually function differently!
Depends on how much you like them.
Then, you should probably see why they tease you
so I get to be close to a girl outside they want to suck me off.
When they get older , they get more 'guts'
Many ugly guys care about only sex.
Yes it is and when you do , people will know you are an easy sl[ut
because Iranian people are loyal,truthfull and care for the family.
If you don't want to, then don't.
If he wants to go , then shut up about it already and go.
some people hanging around you for what they can get.
ANY ONE THAT CAN CONTROL NATURE CAN STAY AWAY FROM SEX.
When YOU know what you want.... Then YOU will know what you truly need.
and in the end , is it really worth it?
cause guys are stupid and like 2 show off 2 anyone and everyone.
If they were to say 100%...yeah, then they could be sued.
give me as much response as possible
you can never get that trust back, so move on.
get some hard proof...like a police report, etc.
i met my man from online.
and fine out wha she into!
man can give to his woman 's love and all what they like
maybe He loved what you were like to him at that moment.
No matter how hard you try, you can't help who you love no matter what they do to you.
Depends on how good looking the ex is ;)
touch Wood I hope i dnt change my views!
maybe ur having an affair with him coz you still love him.
he might be better than your ex.
and ask yourself what you might be doing wrong.
i think you got what I mean.
then ask the dude you hate how his love life is going to tell her ur real fellings
Get out while you can!Your lover may go psycho on you!
don't bother yourself with him, move on and forget about him.
once they're done crying, manhandle them and spank them.
people waiting for some good answers
Ya-we do or at least I do, but I don't think about it every 12 seconds!!!!
Your girlfriend doesn't want you to ask about other girls , especially her friends.
don't tell him you love him .
If you have to ask you never know
My best Guess being a Guy , Is there is someone else in the Mix...
a chance . Do you know anyone that lives in the same state as her?
No if ands or buts about it!
Just speak, strike up a convo and get to know each other
Just do what your heart tells you . At least your real about it to her
Just say it Einstein...not all that hard...
It's like most guy's wildest dreams have a threesome... he's crazy if he won't.
u gotta get OFF of that fear man, I mean life is too short for that kinda shit.
give a big smile and say HEY
just asking her out about a movie.
What kinda music are you listening to?
NOTHING MUCH JUST THE SIMPLE FACT THAT HE CARES
People who don't type in all the capitals...
your mom, They have surprisingly good advice . Sometimes
It's like asking why some people go for Coca Cola and others for Pepsi... or something like that!
It just depends on the girl.
Guys are afraid of women with brains, and they humiliate them to boost their own themselves
TAKE THE TIME TO LOOK AT EACH OTHER AND ASK yourself IF YOU LOVE EACH OTHER.
I told her to ask him when he came to the house . She hung up on my face.
becz the girls have those things which boys have not.
Kick his arse into the kerb.
but a 6-7 inch is nice!!
its fate , you get to them.
yes, and it rained today, and I had peaches for lunch.
no I have never been to England.
about choosing a mate?!
i Kno sumone n I want to find information about him.
overall, wait, don't force ANYTHING AT ALL!!
I bet he would get a real kick out of serving you :) Have fun!
Of course , you don't like to complain... YOU ARE THE FIXER of problems.
but For sure , not everybody is telling the truth on the net.
your Avatar doesn't help at all!!
I told him I liked him and gave him my phone . # He just tore it up.
My GUESS IS THAT YOU NEVER DID BUT, PERHAPS YOU COULD LEARN TO LOVE EACH OTHER?
did he dumps you or did you dump him.
For the same EXACT reason hot girls are bit**es and ugly ones are nice as can be!
I once went out with this guy and he broke my heart.
Have your own Style & be Cool ... Act like you are already in a relationship !
But be real and do try to be fake.
MOVIE OR take HER TO your HOUSE AND GET DOWN AND DIRTY.
THINGS THAT YOU COULD SHARE THAT YOU HAVE IN COMMON.
don't go crazy trying to impress her.
stay away from these people at all costs!
Well, you probably look like a guy that they can trust.
2. He doesn't care about her or her reaction.
so you've actually seen a guy slap a girl?
And there are lots of good non-Iranian guys.
Im not an American to understand what hicking means.
I I I really hope I helped, even just a lil bit.
no I go out with people I love.
Even condoms don't guarantee 100% protection .
just try going to da club on a singles night or something.
There there There is no such thing , just be yourself when you talk to someone
if she's nuts, then she'll probably say every day, If you can afford that then hey, no stress.
once I was, don't be in a rush to get fucked . isnt all it cracked up to be.
not really, you have to be the judge
Falling in love over typed words and web cams only is not so hot.
Tell him that you didn't mean to hurt him!
And that is what I think you should do!
Why would you want to know, that gross.
no I do not but it is easy to find her . Just go to yellowpages.com
This is really a question up to you , but I say do what your heart feels
just his kindness and love, because he is so nice and loving and I don't need much .
Ambitous, successful, intelligent, educated... oh wait you said dream girl right?
There are sensitive caring men out there who don't let their penis make their decisions.
Starting over is a hard step for me, I can not open up yet.
and what if your boyfriend discovered how he feel.
and hope I have answered you on this matter .
or was that just all a fantasy?
Why Don't Guys lay back for a lil' while.
:P I wouldn't want to share my husband with anyone...ever.
Hon, why don't you trust your insticts?
And you know him better than her, right??
So could you share some of that with me???
I HAVE BEEN VERY SHY SINCE BIRTH BUT GETTING RID OF IT.
Why not tell the girl the truth!!
Tell her You Love her every minute of the day,Well.it works for me :P
It this It is a really hard one.
Then if they get mad and start yelling, gag them.
i was going to say not until you said the ex cheated on you.
if you are honest with your relationship , then you make a guy interested in you
do taking him back- even if he was drinking or not.
If you like someone , let 'em know . I always say , but I guess I'm wrong!
GEEEEEZE My Valentines' chocolate is long gone!
Janu,sweety pie,lolly pop,this one did it.
i am not trying to be mean , but you need some help.
C. She does nothing for you?
yep... and we have a baby.
if not , you need to stop and think and think hard and long.
find people in chat rooms and ask if they want to be penpals
do even GO on the webcam anymore!!!
i know it's crazy... but it's true
not happy that he still see's the ex on occasions and does care if I am not o.k.
color is only skin deep....it dont matter until you get to the inside.
And to hurt someone that truly cares about you is bad karma.
I don't do anything that hurts someone else.
Well mine is 10inches long and 3 inches thick , But that just mine care to try it out .
IF you truly loved him....it wouldn't bother you.
Jewlery wise...Something simple but not cheap..Like a Necklace or a cute braclet... Music..who does like music!!
you have to know what there is for ins.
but please don't get ugly, just to find that guy.
Dpon't pull a shakespeare, don't force it out.
If you know what I mean .
but that is what sisters are supposed to think
Because hot guys don't have to try hard to win affection.
of because they can get into homo or want to be homo.
goggling web and you find what you are looking for.
what if he blew the best job opportunity you ever had by insulting your future boss.
Energy is good but too much is pretty annoying!
Why haven't I had one yet and should I tell him that he really isn't the first.
So it really is up to you.
i love sex so very much, but can barely ever get my boyfriend to have sex with me.
:) Best of luck to you.
buy a movie that she said was a favorite.
Maybe be you should say you're looking for something bigger.. :)
So obviously she just wasn't good enough for him and you are.
show him that you better with him.
Don't be arrogant, women hate that.
'm the most popular kid in my 8th grade class and a big jock.
they probably be shy because you're afraid to make the wrong impression on him.
They don't know him like I know him.
clearly something is wrong, yet they wo hear it.
I black I went though it...
I know he is a lot , but I had it on my mind for a while.
'cause the smokin hot ones think they are too good for you or something like that, so that never lasts.
pick any good guys out, the rest you can blast away with a shotgun!
oh no, they are superior(this is what 90% think about girls), and for them , sex is better than humor.
The pain .... Oh the pain of losing one.
Because it is sexy and makes Charlie stand at attention
I don't now but they look like it hurts
'cause if it vibrates well then....
she had no answer for me.
Why not he's single unless he's committed
Start there and see where it leads.
often, but most don't act on it.
He wasn't and that was for sure.
i don't want any one-word answers.. I need details.
Well some say this or something like it, but then they go ahead and do it anyway.
Why else would more than one girl use that as an excuse?
it it it Once or twice a week . It would be nice , I think.
let him see the true you.
u should go to a mental hospital first to be able to answer that question...
If She still gets mad . GET RID OF HER.
How could you not have both?
Dang...My first reaction is to tell you to run like hell b/c people on the internet can be nuts!
i would think one that is very desperate.
Go ahead with your life, don't bother him.
The are times when I do feel like making luv.
all u have to do is find the irl they think he raped and ask her
96% of all men have at least cheated once!
Why you MAKE ME SEEM TO BE SO BAD.
A decent guy expects nothing but love.. Make him yours by just saying you care for him.
Hell yeah it hurts the first time, when you are a woman anyways...but After that, it is great!
you're probably just looking in the wrong spots... but yeah, eventually you'll find your special sumone...
it will be hard, but if you do do it.
But don't let him think you don't like him.
wow....a guy in need of help huh?
so go ahead wit yourself and do your work
on the cheek or on the back of my neck.
You sound like a caring and sensitive person that does not deserve such .
And then obviously: go to a bar with a friend and see if any guys hit on you.
probably not at first, then it depends on what type of person you are
He say to leave him alone and you are not.
:-) They are sweet romantic spots.
question: How far is her place from you
May I throw my hat in the ring?
(your treat of course and of her choice) and take it from there
i was , but I just found out that he was a hoe.
eah I guess if they do it at home but not at chruchnot with every body there
she can use it to cover.
you could try a marriage counciler
I expect nothing and hope for something really nice!
not even us girls know....hahahahah its hopeless!
seeing a good marriage adviser is a great idea .
but if you can't control it, confront them all.
`` asking yourself why you want him to
So we can just go crazy??
If you pick Myles , then you should want him enough to tell Ryan to get a life.
THEN LEAVE HIM ONE AS YOU GO OUT THE DOOR.
i hope that answers your question.
(haha..ur getting advice from a 15 year old =P)
a lady who is not into just one thing, but opens her mind and body to both.
They're out there, those good girls, you just have to look hard.
nope,, everything that is too much is bad !
I will just say right off the bat...
She expressed interest, I said, Thanks but I like WOMEN.
but better do have too much hopes, in these things , love always gets hurt!
thats kinda weird, do ya think?
If he cheated once . The odds are he will again.
Now that I saw it and asked about it, he said he was just looking for new friends.
Well I ca give you that much advice b/c 'm the same way!
maybe because he's still hiting it on the side.
His little sister said she'd spit in my baby's face
if not I'm not for you
IF so then NO...if it is then possibly so.
The fact that is is dating you and she is your best friend , makes it really bad.
no She is a slut and not worth dateing anymore
HOW TO believe
Because she has a history with your guy!
in my opinion , once a cheat is always a cheat , I would leave him alone!
do know if I met my wife on the internet .
or does it feel different to you.
Be yourself , Be nice , Be a Good boy!
YOU SAY YOU LIKE THIS OTHER GUY, BUT I'm SURE YOU LOVE YOUR HUSBAND.
And I have worked very hard for the place I have and the things I have.
I've seen some beautiful girls, yes, but so too have I seen some nasty stuff.
i to move on, but keep in contact with him as a friend
Lois, being a guy, I actually ran into this situation once.
And why cant they stick to just one woman
Just go ahead and talk to her.
What.. Did you just go see Brokeback mountain?
The same thing happens to me . Just be cool and pretend you hate him (no effence)
do get me wrong-am not in the habit 4 casual affairs!
if you both break up because of differences .
stay away, there are better ways
Or maybe because you are just getting more mature and realize that marriage isn't only about sex.
What if I want you to do something you really want to do?
But really it's just where society's at right now.
Other way around, it's really complicated, if you know what I mean.
unless their friend is understandingthey shoulden't.
A bad 80's outfit with big hair and lots of pink neon
when I was 15 and I would hate t
no, If she loves you and chooses to be with you, then you have nothing to worry about.
I'am newly out of a 19 year marriage myself.
not to give photo id and Yes I think it is enough
Some women may not want it but maybe once or twice a week.
Try yahoo people search, I got some useful information there.
no, but he does have a crush on certain celebs.
How old get back to me, ejy1@sbcglobal.net
It means that they did not care about your feelings and just cared about their own.
i will ask for help when I need it.
Maybe hint in at first as to not scare her..lol Have fun!
:) The Americans have some hot competition...
Guess I always think of that saying: Do good and you'll find good
i'm in TX so the laws are different, but you can find it through a search online.
Is it true that girls like gifts all the time from their boyfriends ??
If you really love him, then try again.
i do expect just some one - on - one time together
maybe- who knows?- you might fall in love with her too :)
I WANT TO DO THIS EVERY TIME.
Definantly an alright girl who is loyal.
If he's not that is sick and wrong.
Be happy that you do have bf..live freely and enjoy life
plus they do hit on me!
You can also do some secret admirer stuff, if you really really like her.
Gotta go, This turned me on!
a day...i used to go 4-5 times a day, but now adays once and be careful
if you choke smile but don't get embarassed and say theres a chip stuck in my throat, just playing.
do not date at work unless you do care about your job.
be the best man in her world
Is he actually dating her or just checking her out a lot
Did him and your friend go out?
)ask him that , then email me at oliviastarrjordan2@yahoo.com
How you feel if one of your guy friends tries to turn you gay>
Mysterious...lol..I don't really know.. sounded good..
So it 's possible if you have a passion for good and positiveness through your living...
There's this guy I like and he's really hot!
But if it with your pet Gerbel , then you just might be gay !
I find him Not My Type of Guy.
Some hot guys can be nice . yah no.
I walked funny the next day.
my I my my OK. 'm Indian, and I wear sarees.
if you just started talking to someone, and just met them , what would be a good first date?
go on before another gets the same idea!
At least she would know, That dude like me!
People don't like him because they think he is a weird
You could get pregnant, get a STD.
becouse they are straight and like females
Maybe you want one, you just know it.
but this will never happen to me again
my family with one mom , one dad . I have 2 sisters and a brother.
dropping hints and let someone else out you and just admit to it when they ask.
It sounds like you care about the looks first and the inside of a guy second.
...just some things to think about
Hooters is a ripoff...i'm not paying $25 for a burger and beer ever again!
None I've written It gave me the opportunity to meet the handsome husband I have now.
you better play video games with her , draw things and go to a movie.sss
No way ,because he is an idiot.
well I think it usually starts with hi.lol
I say go with your heart, If you love her , then try.
and don't forget that Valentine's day is coming up.
the one you love, for certain.
engagement then after 1yr 1 mo.
and want to get a divorce or smoke or drink or whatever.
he love her but do find her attractive
be proud it is a great thing to wait for mr. Right Don't rush things.
i LOVE horses , so I would be REALLY happy if you asked me about them!
It's only dirty if you want it to be.
then I'd boot his sorry butt out the door.
But don't expect her to say oooh baby, I think you're so HOT.
im looking for the right one.
PLEASE BE CAREFUL ON THE INTERNET ABOUT MEETING PEOPLE.
Talk it over with the wife too.
hhmm..i do realized I was attracted to bouncers....
And even though your reasons are bad ones...look what happened.
i really use both but I need some advice plz!
Sweetie just to be friends with him .
(OLD CLICHE) THERE ARE MANY FISH IN THE SEA..IT IS TRUE...I HAVE LEARNED THIS AND YOU WILL.
Actually, why don't you find out for yourself... not with YOURSELF, please
Don't worry, they'll grab you soon ...
Girls don't do it just to blow a guy off.
no one can have too many best friends , just too many obsessions .
I do think it happens more than you think.
especially when he has someone that is good to him.
football players, and the rest of the jocks.
If he gives you any B.S.
she'll have to learn that not all guys are gonna be perfect for her.
And once you become a hot girl in a few years.
thinking about these questions and I bet the answer will come to you
love is nothing , its only infacation
She has blond hair,really pretty lot of guys like her but she lives in WV......wth/me!my bff
do Guys all have to be taller than girl.sssss
Well , I personally love my men having a goatee.
And to to hold her hand.
Have you ask him if he is seeing someone else?
not only could they help , but they can also buy you some Ben &Jerry's cream
friends r the key 2 every gurl, trust me.
MEN LIKE YOU GIVE GOOD MEN A BAD NAME.
a Lost, young whore...where the hell are your parents???!!
I don't see anything wrong with it at all.
he is your brother , Why would you think otherwise about him unless you're sick.
!i mean they are rare.....like an endangered species.
by doing just what he wants...i guess I can't please him!
whatever has meaning to her, or just pamper her on the 14th.
YOU a PERFECTLY NORMAL GIRL, THAT'S THE WAY IT'S supposed TO GO.
I WANT SOMEONE ELSE'S OPINION.
and I bet you feel like I do, all confused and frustrated.
actually, you sound like exactly the type of guy I am looking for.
Why in the hell would you want your friend 's ex and youalready know what is going to happen.
That doesn't mean I'm out to marry 'em.
well ya, how do you think people start to talk to each other.
If you want a Hickey removed...don't get one in the first place!
Has a few issues it seems, maybe Paranoya is the biggest...move on..he's not the one
YOU LIKE HIM, OR YOU LIKE THAT HE PAYS ATTENTION TO YOU?
sit down and make up a list on paper what you are looking for.
Is that what you can alone think of ?
if you lying , he is not the one!
Hell YEAH , GO OUT WITH HIS FRIEND IF YOU LIKE HIM .
Some say..If you lust after a person you have already slept with , then in your heart/mind.
in person would appreciate it , but if things are going to get ugly , the phone is a better option .
If she knows your a virgin, she may want to lead!
OTHERWISE YOU TAKE A CHANCE ON GETTING WHAT YOU REALLY WANT.
I really like it , but I just can't find the words to ask her out.
Take your time, have fun, and EXPLORE!
i have 4 brothers and no sisters.
Once you meet the girl of your dreams.
You should flirt with one of his friends and he will get mad.If not act like you don't care.
'm sure you wo have a problem if all you say is true.
do suggest going back to yours for a group sex session!
so you have to consider what kind of a mate you would be.
Love is better than lust, right??
i think we are counterparts of one another.
Not cheating unless you actually act on it.
If he respected you in the first place, he wouldn't have done it anyway.
it would be like a regresion in my growth.
I guess that's why there aren't that many redheads.
Yes you n't let someone git your heart like that.
a girl did that to me and I fell into her trap, even though she is far from perfect....
in some cases , if she doesn't ask you just wait.if not , it's OK.
Not you and all your stupid questions!
is it smaller than your middle finger...
you have to really dig yourself out of a hole.
but it all happens when he/she confused about whether he loves you or not.
If you haven't seen him for 16 days , surely will tell you something!!
Got a girlfriend... then wait 1 month and become monogomous and check her check first
If he likes you , then start hanging out with him.
SORRY (OLD LADY WHO WILL DIE WITH CATS)(LOL)
take her/him to the beach and have a picnic w/ them.
Oh ya I'm 24 and he's 18 :-)
ive heard a boy-toy or just called a lover.
but He was so nice to me!
Im going to say NO because what else have you got....
But I do know much about it, My bf is Muslim (turkish) and I'm pagan.
you know how can be sure he doesn't want that girl.
i ca believe you are so hypercritical!!!!
OPEN YOUR EYES Girl . You HAVE A FUTURE GO WHERE YOU HAVE TO . You'll FIND SOMEONE BETTER
i told them that they needed to get their heads examined.
2.But ur guy gets the chemistry here...He acts as if he stilllll your best friend ...!!
ONLY you can decide that... Do you care?
well, If you ever need anything , let me know.
You know what we all want !
That kills the mood and you have to stop and start all over again.
Well That's pretty tough...Well be her friend you know talk to and stuff.
Don't try to impress her with money or looks.
that and a few other things too
it depends on what kind of cheating
4chan.com's /b/ is pretty gay..some times
Listen Kid, you're just a freak.
Have you guys meeting face to face?
Do you mean like a pen pal.
My ex and I are friends.
They becoming all you think about....... 4.
Don't want to go too fast !
Then just chill little to give both of you time!
id take one that size anyday!!
Mentally - stop asking strangers and ask HER!!
Don't rush things...life really goes by fast.
And He feels bad about it, He has problems.
if so please contact me asap!!!
I I I think I always going to have a thing for him
chacha77 is right, If he's too smooth , he's probably a player
in a picture , then ask if she will just take her bra off.
I think it should be a guy , but then again I'm pretty shy.
if you feel happy , not giddy , follow your heart , but be up front and tell Jhim your feelings .
Why do you just visit her at home, bring her food, DVDs or anything she likes...
just tell him it would be great to have a 3 .
There used to be LOTS of good girls out there...until the bad boys turned them around.
What is a fiance of 2 kids?
i was on the shot, and got pregnant with my third, pullout or using a condom.
things aren't looking up for you.
I am, it sounds like a nice person who would really care about someone!
IF you really love her yes.
looking too hard....let love comes to you
the love with the other person just hits you and sticks.
ASK YOUR FRIENDS IF THEY KNOW SOMEONE THAT HAS YOUR TRAITS AND QUALITIES.
Ask him what's wrong or what are you thinking about or do you think we'll ever get married etc.
If he's not cheating , he's doing something bad.
Sometimes It's just not about you...It's about him and you certainly can't control him.
You just have to be careful because there are some frauds online.
men: write their names in the snow.
so no 'm not embarrassed to admit it
put yoself out there man!
have fun , You are too young to be stuck with someone that doesn't like you!!!!!
cuz it aint no joy for an uptown boy whose teacher just told him goodbye
or you could just flat out tell him that you like his friend
Work your way up from there.
seriously, if a girl said that to me, I would know she meant business.
plz plz plz anwser me baq thank you
Eh, blanks are just wasted anyways.
make it casual . Maybe that way you won't be so nervous.
Guys want girls who will make them feel like men
WHICH WOULD MAKE HIM FEEL TRAP, AND RUN AWAY.
I'm really sorry and I love you so much
then you don't worry about , but if he doesn't like you , then get on.
and You'll always have a date to Lilith fair
If she says no, ask her what movies she likes.
was a very bad boy but am now reformed.
a girl that is loyal because I don't want some dumb girl that looks hot!
flirt with him too . Maybe invite him over to your house .
Because in the back of every man's head is a dream...a glorious dream!
Although, this does not mean that those pretty blue eyes will ever cheat on you again.
but if she is cool about it, it's nice if she approches.
I mean, wierder things have happened.
Ask her about her goals, and talk about you too
Pretend u r straight and ask him if he has a girlfriend
If they ask you to move on.
i would have it every day with my ex - husband .
I'm not saying it's not worth trying, I just think it's something to keep in mind.
Isn't she your girlfriend cause she already likes who you are?
Cuz my friend dumped her bf thinkin he was lying on her and he did so FOLLOW YOUR HEART!
!at least you are a hill billy . You are not supposed to think about him that way
because I mean I really don't know
If he cheated once on you, he will cheat again.
but Really if it were up to me , I would need sex ever again and still be happy with her.
and when you tell him , he will be surprised if he asks . Can he experience it.
How is it that you even know that word at age 11????
Don't say things like, 'lets stay friends....' because you really don't want to.
Dude, after that blind side, DO YOU REALLY want to fix things?
And Good luck with your surgery!
once a cheater, always a cheater.
Otherwise, 2 things: 1) Go gay 2) One word: prostitute
How about all come to class one day wearing saris?
i was married 2 days before we did anything
when you have 5 babies frm ur ex bfs
too late, idiots like you already can't respect women.
What shall I do in this case ??
Firstly, not all women are like this.
yes they are, and let them be like that, Boys do need to change . hahaha
yes you should and tell him that you two made a mistake kissing.
He still promise me a good message though.
tell her what you think . Maybe she'll change her mind!
he smells like perfume , not urs
Why not have many friends that are girls.
if that's what you after, then knock yourself out.
If you are dating a guy that a lot of girls like , then the chances of them cheating increases.
Like they say, you do know what you got till it's gone.. luck =)
yeah sur as long as ur not good friends
Yeah sure some people wait until the right person
eyes ...they say it all .. use them ... :)
Not the typical flowers and candy.
We fussing and arguing a lot over stupid things . Mostly..some really important though
or if she's carrying something , ask her if she needs help.
Then just start taking off her clothes!
)food...want to go eat (at a nice restaurant with me Friday night?
Don't get all hung up on your size.
A GOOD GUIDE LINE OF RULES MUST BE IN PLACE TO MAKE SURE NO PARTNER STEPS ACROSS THE LINE.
I'VE KNOWn HIM for 6 MONTHS . I LOVE BEING WITH HIM . I AM SO IN LOVE WITH HIM (but) ...
it means he's an ass and he digs yer friend.
you can't make a girl do anything.
It feels weird though , but yah.
Women pick up on subtle hints better than men, I think.
The Sometimes The romors are true , but sometimes they arnt.
im currently dating a man who's going to be a pastor too.
some time , I find myself liking a guy for reasons I don't know.
trying club love in D.C...and do what you gotta do man, ur liek what...30?
DON'T EVER SETTLE FOR SECOND BEST!!!!
She like to talk to him a lot
If you can cheat on guy #1, why not on guy #2?
Tell your brother to HOOK you up girl shoooot!
but I woudn't worry too much about it'll happen when it's right.
because they are confident in themselves they will care about their weakneses.
I mean, well, if you're a good guy, maybe I'll marry you (just kidding).
One thing I suggest is just don't bring it up.
cuz he just wants to show off his body... and they wanna look better than other guys!
they is the best comfort when you have nobody to spend it with!
back and forth and so on .
and you may think a quick fix band-aid like marriage would be the glue/ to keep you guys together
Since I was 16, lot of gay guys tried picking up on me.
he should go with a loyal girl...looks fade , loyalty will always last...
if I sa you in real life, I probably think you are cute . 2!
You be romantic, If he likes it , he will respond ;-)
What kinda car are you driving?
Yeah pictures or something like that works .
Don't let one fool keep you down.
What would a girl in 8-9th grade want from a guy in the same grade?
ASK HIM IF HE CHEATED ON YOU!
Thats not to say I have slept around a lot , but I have been married 3x.
good for you, Did you just learn your number?
But here's the weird part...she NEVER turns me down.
Of course I would, why not?
one more thing : what state are you in ?
if you miss him when he's not around you , then you like him.
so just get a gun, aVibrator and a well - paying job and you wo need a boyfriend!
That doesn't mean that I wouldn't be friends with them.
Fool me once, same on you; fool me twice, shame on me.
My problem is I don't have a big penus( about 5in erected).. and I only last about 4-6 min.
None of my other friends (including me) thinks he's that great, especially since that boy gets in trouble...lots!
2nd not be a brute if this happens
If he keeps lying, then he must not care for you all that much.
I'll love to have two husbands...who joins me????
you sure will get screwed for asking this question by the yahoo answers team... Anyways.. how old are you?
It totally out there, you just gotta go find it!
I think getting married on the beach at sunset is more romantic, but that is just me.
I don't think 18 is too young.
Jealousy sucks and it eats away inside . Trust me I know and it is'nt fun.
There is nothing wrong with dating blacks, asians,whatsoever.
i do know about you guys , but I cried when I read what yahooguru wrote!!!
How can I get back into the dating game and trust and love again
I don't mean to sound mean - But are you sure you REALLY LOVE HIM?
girls Boys know what lust is but not love
From the male viewpoint...women, finances, women, cars, women, work, women...oh, did I fail to mention...WOMEN?
women want both 'cause it feels good
no because I don't believe that at all . it is just based upon the stars!
tell him Maybe he likes you.
No no no no.. Never go backwards.
no do avoid her because of your pride.
So just buck up and say it.
by giving her a gift which you prefer: choose one & why?
You never want to look back on your life and say Oh!
asking him why and if he does know than forget him .
unless your 12 of course ;).
it is a challenge for another female to get something she ca have.
that's the most used excuse I have ever heard in my entire dating life.
be adveture PLUS he'll love it!!
Sex 101: Women need romance, men need sex.
(at least that is how my life has gone)
do put that on the net .
), about issues that lead to marital failure.
Guys have just the same problem and he might be too scared to ask you.
if she feels comfortable calling him Daddy then you should let her do it... maybe they have a bond...
it kinda sounds like maybe he's not that into you anymore?
then maybe you should hear them out.
asking me after 10 years .... maybe I'll have the answer .. Oh poor I am
In short, Tell yourself you are worth more and LISTEN to yourself say it!
I hope one day I can have them here with me :)
Can You Please give me a list of things to talk about.
Sometimes you just have to say something shocking to get his attention , like Oh yeah?
at the end of the period?
Trust is the number one thing that makes a relationship like that tick, no matter how much youlove him.
Probably did, so you did wait for the paper (marriage license) then, no different.
Yeah im all bout equal opportunity if yur hot then yur hot . That is all there is to it .
this that it is really over.
most girls do by 25 to 30. Blokes never do tho , if there
well , First off , ya aint gonna find a good one on the internet!
HOMOSEXUALITY!...well I think it is anyway.
but if you can't, then you know you really have found the one.
plus it gives parents a chance to meet you.
Just catch her eye and smile.
They always want what they can't have.
if E do want to tell pressure
i can understand why you feel so......i I have felt so very often.
do worry me and my friend feel the same way about this other girl!!
whenever we are together, I always end up hitting him . You know , play fighing, it 's what school does
it would also help if it looked nice as its served.
I always used to get in trouble for things , but my brother would not.
She probably doesn't want to talk, or maybe she's shy...
you would probably have a lot of fun sharing that experience together.
I'm wondering why you care if he breaks up with her?
Try to get on with life.
ppl these days are just ya know.
a wonderful relationship with the one you like, and later you could love entirely.
GUYS UNDER THE AGE OF 27 WILL TEND TO CHEAT ON WOMEN.
Im sick of living with no money In this shitty apt.
if all fails go to a strip club!!
What girls can do to make you fall for her?
about the friendship , you have to make him realise that we are just friends.
he n't call me anymore . He just comes over , then he leaves in the morning .
MY WONDERFUL PESONALITY , AND OF COURSE , MY GETTO ASS.
Not fun....I felt bad for her kids too.
cuz they are assholes and they do deserve it .
I had a lunch date with a beautiful woman once, but mostly she just led me on--does that count?
a nagging woman is a man's worst dream.
you to become a club referee (soccer) but you need to take a class.
do be fooled just because he said `` loves you.
you have to do what your heart tells you to do.
do stuff like you would do when you first meet.
Or put on some of your favorite music and do karaoke!
to give you money , I guess and for you to pick on them it seems
ask him if ur beautiful, sexy,or hot
The worst thing she'll do is say no, but you gotta try.
If you make her laugh your
But five years though....WELL, it's hard telling.
you can't make her do anything.
They never work and make you look like an idiot.
OK I am dialing your number now!
it could have been a wrong number.
maybe She is embarrassed and feels weird , just trying to talk to her
I am one of those whose husband cheated!
tell his other girlfriend what he said and see what happens.
But him and I are still great friends.
Gial no , because if he really loved you , he would not call off the wedding the night before:(
I'm 15 years old, I'm just looking for some nice guys to talk to.
If you hide it might get worse!
nice try No one is gon call ur fake number tho but thx for the 2 points!!
Just tell your friend that you miss her.
... Well she is either testing you or rejecting you . Did you do anything, bad lately?
typing my answer at the same time as taking a call...
Most men hate shopping . They especially hate going with women.
you should get one, because you sound like you have nothing better to do!
so whats your stationary # L7 a.k.a Sq.
Some good answers here...Vanessa's was great!
pick one obviously,(or you could date one in secrecy away from the other)
You will eat LOTS of pizza and ice cream.... and then you WILL get over it.
okay well , good luck in figuring him out!
If you're going to take a bath ~ take a bath!
Best of luck to you both!
I never ask him for money, I even pay him rent.
think of all the irritating things that he used to do.
I did 4800 Miles and I am Divorce now.
He coming back down..and he wants me back!!
That's just the way I see it now.
Wake up . It either you meant to get his attention or I don't know.
i messed up and messed with my ex and now I really regret it.
i do know what sms means .
I had no idea what this question was about...
being in love with a married man never gets easier or less complicated.
SOONER OR LATER , YOU WILL FIND OUT.
and I am not being mean .....i just would like to know some stories
DON'T cheat on him, two wrongs never ever make a right.
In (first) Adam (in them: Gen 5) all die.
Um, let me see here, oh, he beats you.
he must do his husband 's obligation.. So please gimme some suggestions on what we should do
He never said a word and walked away.... Now, I miss him...
Will he or will he not come back to me?
but should I tell her I like him?
its Risky if you get it from your gf.
Even if you don't agree with them.
I bet they are bed rooom eyes.
What do you mean, you feel you're a girl?
yes... happened to my gf about 6 months after the treatment...
I should have done said this- no REGRETS!
But if you try to be a good friend, you can have so many great people around you!!!!
It sounds like you are a Christian.
If YOU ARE IN LOVE , YOU WILL PUT THAT PERSON'S NEEDS BEFORE YOUR OWN.
start making out with as many guys as you can.
i do think that is a smart idea.
Dear Do not worry about being trusted by god.
And if you can , then it should be easy because you don't know her!
take it bac old school on her and write a letter
By the way , Hubby and I have 3 kids and have been married almost 9 years
yea... he is not worth your time and love if he doesnt care about you
3) He stood me up for our new year date (Clue, he was with his Ex!)
glad you ended it, but make no mistake.
you'll learn a lot about that person and yourself.
THATS NOT RIGHT , JUST BEING WITH BOTH OF THEM IS ALREADY HURTING THEIR FEELINGS.
Yeah seriously, tell someone aka your parents, a teacher, clergy member, anyone you can trust that will help.
I really liked this guy, He's smart, sexy, and really nice.
because they can't compete with that .
i do want support, I want a really good reason because I've think I've diproven them all.
Plus send her a BIG FAT check.And that is with her knowing was you who sent it.
What a jerk - and the girlfriend is a bitch.
Like a loaded visa so she could buy her and her kids clothes , toys , etc
or just wait for her to remember me??
thats your job to do that.
I tried calling but your line was busy!!!
;) AND most importantly , when you don't have to ask , you KNOW.
Did you get a friend to tell her?
LUST IS WHEN YOU SAY YOU'RE IN LOVE WHEN YOU have JUST MET SOMEONE.
i think , but to introduce yourself by them.
The The Biggest joke played on man - size doesn't matter.
god luck, I hope she is OK.
i remember saying something about putting her up for adoption, because of what my dad said in real life.
guys may insult you and some girls may not want to date you.
sneek out and still see him
if a guy respects his partner enough I s'pose it depends on the guy.
yours cause gay guys are gross.
is this a kind of fantasy for him?
just ask her if some girls are too nice to say no .
get to know her better and do it just to do it.
Don't ruin it by going back.
then you will be in control.
no, you must settle...but not always for less.
posting naked pics on a 360 page.
but if you do think you can wait to cut her lose.
So what is she *hurt* over?
Now, this guy told her he couldn't go around with her.
be mature , do be scared and go for a goal!
be yourself and they will come
First you look around to see what type of guys your interested in.
Should I Just try to be friends for now?
let da situation by taking its course ba...
Hook her up with one of your guy friends she does not know.
Don't worry about his issues, don't have sex with him and go out with other friends.
just be yourself and don't sweat it.
do worry, things will get better.
so guys look for a girl and girls also for guys.
I working on my own issues first.
I I I WOULD GIVE HIM THE WORLD IF I COULD!
But girl, you should move on.
But You don't need a mate.
Guys like confidence, not girls who don't think for themselves.
yes we are all different and unique , so why talk about it unless it is a big issue.
Take a deep breath and introduce yourself or just say hi!
A hot girl or at least take homeable....
Otherwise have her use a friend 's phone.
Don't HOLD YOUR LIFE BACK by WAITING ON HIM TO GET BETTER.
And guys will follow you around
She can't find a nice man for herself?
You know mom to son, dad to daughter.
It Also very important to not to LISTEN TO ANYONE ELSE'S SUGGESTIONS; THIS IS YOUR LIFE.
they want what they can not have
Just come out and say it.
look, Life is too short to wait until he decides to come to you
typically, your momma knows what she's talking about.
everything depends on you honey and what is inside your mind and how you deal with this.
for you even to think about it,makes you pathetic,you said it self,move along girlfriend.
not for nothing, but how do you know you're not gay?
move A true friend will be happy with your choices . It sounds like he can't let you go .
ease here though, she's just a kid.
It that It is so silly to even think about it.
absolutely That would be the best ever
and It was my boyfriend's baby.
they are extremely realistic...so much, that I had no clue it was a dream until I woke up.
see how much he loves you.
This is so weird considering I see him like every and now I have not spoken with him.
Get over it and just move on.
!gurl now that is really a big sign from what I hear.
its what you are feeling right now
asin your favorite moment in intercourse
At 20, no........at 30, maybe....at 40 why not..........at 50 yes...........at 60 Hell yes.
but if it really is love , it is really hot .
I 'm not really sure how old or if your parents are.
before you leave him to find another guy.
probably you did something badly for them.
She's got some buggy eyes and guys still think she's hot.
e mailing them to ask them
Because it's not as much fun!
theres one simple answer to this question ....he likes you
how gives a crap , thanks to the 2 points
If he's into porn, how's your sex life?
he may be cute , but if he is an ass , then I don't want to talk to him!
TAKE IT SLOW, BUT MAKE SURE HE IS READY.
So what if he goes back?
you do have to give something fancy , just be creative .
If he's into porn, how's your sex life?
he may be cute , but if he is an ass , then I don't want to talk to him!
TAKE IT SLOW, BUT MAKE SURE HE IS READY.
So what if he goes back?
you do have to give something fancy , just be creative .
yeah I have two wonderful children.
what is love and who is to say that there is not love.
about 15 years before men do
Don't you think she's always waiting for you to ask her to be your girlfriend?
BE HONSET WITH YOU HELP you OUT WITH PROBLEMS AND you WANT to TELL you ONE OF YOUR DEEPEST SECRETS
I I I definitely agree with Icee and I 'm a guy to
i'm 17, I will be 18 in 2 months.
well you find a friend and you develop a friendship and that stays 4 forever
i'm still hoping & optimistic that there is... its never 2 late, right?
no point in just dragging a relationship just for the heck of it......
And He blew it big time.
All I can say is WTF?
is BECAUSE MARRY divorced , NO GO no SHOULD.
I want a girlfriend and I am not scared of that, but you see, wanting isn't everything.
i can't feed him all the time.
You don't believe you deserve better, but you do!
so in the end , I got the raw end of the rope.
Prefer if Men answer - truthfully!
And I doubt that anyone else here has either...
Ya can't mix and match them.
do to miss him when he is gone.
but eventually , you should move on.
The question here, is not if you love your man.
Give it some time... they usually start to come around once they get used to you being around.
I can forgive all his things coz I can't forget him ... ...
Hey Hun, Be careful with other peoples hearts.
My My babygirl is 1 and she calls my boyfriend daddy.
try joining a drag queen show lots of them not gay , just like entertaining ,
or not having it at all!
You could ask him if he would consider going out on a real date with you...
Don't try to change for some guy.
You can't let a guy use you like that.
asxk the woman to be your friend . Don't ask her out . That is just sick .
Good Luck, I hope it's been everything you hoped for!
Absolutely not... would you want someone that you love to dump you just because of your height or age?
Do you mean S & M?
OK...HERE'S the whole picture in short.
IF YOU HAVE MONEY , I WILL BE YOUR FRIEND.
i dating 2 women once, for a year, I wouldn't do that again.
it want and do work like that.
Girls who are hot and know it.
Don't let your heat heat up your brain and attitude.
Am I too young to get married?
no because I did that and its better to say it now than to say it later then regret it .
Wow, it sounds like she doesn't have too much trust.
If you didn't mean to fall in love with him , then you looking for his attention.
If you are lucky, you will only get married once!!
It kinda makes the kids realize how maybe their own parents aren't that bad.
acting interested in what she is talking about.
is She was nice and likes to have fun.
it's kind of happening right now....
you shouldn't be asking this question to a bunch of strangers.
It takes lots and lots of time.
Is He so lazy that he cannot pick up the phone.
They shouldn't be taken lightyly (NO EXCUSES!)
If you choose to go, don't go alone . You have to be very careful these days....good luck
if you love him so much, talk to him instead of surfing the internet.
just get a life... you can at least give away something that LOOKS legit...
:-) I think it's just how sex in marriage is supposed to be.
here a crazy idea . Try YAHOO .
just calling her and see what is going on
get a guy friend and ask him and if he does go out with him
i have been divorced for 8 years now.
It just takes time before you realise you have found true love.
honestly what you should do is exactly what you did.
when you are not doing your job and just sitting around thinking of girls....
and do what you think is right
If you want to discuss it more , then chat with me on yahoo pickut2001@yahoo.com seeya'roun;-D
Jus be yourself and ur ok you get attention out of that
i think we all have our perfect someone out there.
Love is the most amazing thing you will never see, only feel...
How OLD ARE YOU?, I CAN GIVE YOU AN IDEA, BUT I MUST KNOW YOUR AGE.
He's always angry and yelling at me...so, I want to get as far away from him as possible.
If that doesn't work , try to inore her but most of the time that doesn't work.
I don't know what to do...
I met a married guy and then I met his wife and daughter.
Don't chase him, make him chase you.....
Her real father does come around, only when he wants 2 and he does do anything for her.
4RM My POINT OF VIEW , nothing IS WRONG with being GAY/LESBIAN.
that depends on sex and you are now currently with someone else .
Nope, you won't buy a car, you didn't drive before !
coz mysterious things have a lot of Chalenge & Trill !!
umm....can I have your number..id like to call you sometime.
it sure does seem that way!
Tell your friend to get lost!!!
Then the date of marriage . Don't worry.
Oh come on, Mrs. Howell is where it's at!
tell him 2 leave you alone!!!
Don't hide the woman you love.
if you actually look like an avitar no.
I know I would have to be in love with a girl for that.
Do have sex with her asap.
Harry normal Verry girls like Gurly girls are like that , so you are normal . (d)
FRIEND OR NOT, THEY WILL BETRAY YOU AT SOME POINT.
get creative with hurting her feeings...and never tell her what you getting!
But if you really like this , then I think that you should ask him out.
haha I like these other answers!
Like I said, get over it and just move on.
I do know what you 're saying
im not selling myself here , but I was just curious about this question.
My kids are just like any other kids out there.
Why, cuz it was a quick and easy answer and I didn't have to think.
Yea It's hard I KNOW , BELIEVE ME.
girls Of course , girls are the first people to find a guy they like
see if they will befriend you and help you learn new things.
If My wife is even slightly jealous of a female, I love it.
If you know he likes sports, talk about that.. If you know he likes music, talk about that...etc.
go to the supermarket and see what items a guy has in his cart.
if you look like your avatar,yes(I'm 14)
WELL WHAT I THINK you SHOULD DO IS JUST LEAVE HER ALONE ALL THE WAY.
a special meeting with a friend hoping to get married in the future .
YOU or do YOUR KIDS NEED THAT CRAP IN YA'LL'S lives
i'm not married yet , but I do think that handling one wife would be tough enough already...
Or if you just don't like her anymore, then you should feel no remorse for dumping her.
Get that list of things that would make him happy and do them.
yes,, he just wants to getinto your panties
Get to know the person and NEVER hurry!
What do you do when you like 2 guys?
LOL.....sounds like hubby better wake up.
What happens Should you & he break up?
you can still be friends, but don't push it.
i do think that it would be completely right , but that is me.
My face, I can seduce a man with my charm : )
Some people cheat again and some people really don't.
this is your life and your body takes control and do what you want , not someone else.
if you like that much , ask her out
Do you know what you're worth to YOURSELF???
but be nice while saying it.
i say it's wrong when girls just expect gifts and don't wanna give.. That is just a real bitch.
i think you can find them everywhere.
do you actually hate him or was it just at that moment?
TRUST SOMEONE WHO'S BEEN THERE, IT'S NOT WORTH IT!!
because they get jealous when we have male friends,
You won't know unless you do and if they don't then you decide to move on or not.
With some men , you can't make them wait for too long once they are ready.
never rushing into it, it is a cause for disaster .
hey really think like at 15 or 16 because there are teens
well an age would be better.
ask yourself and talk to her nicely, Why?
Well if it been a year and you are still not happy, then yeah , it is time to say goodbye.
I don't see anything wrong with Will.
* If you can not stop talking about her/him to your best friend
well I do like the phone too , so I ca gauge how you are responding to me.
My wife sure wouldn't let me go alone!
i love him and he says (and I know he does) he still loves me.
try and stay calm and not get irritated . They will give up .
Even worse is the fact that he thinks its okay to do that...man you really should get someone else .
yes , you'll see one day when you find the perfect person .
We tried telling her to stop, and she got the point, but she just won' stop!
It's gotta be Ginger, She's hotter and has a better name.
well I hate to say this, but it sounds like he has moved on.
And the same letters show up in my Yahoo mail a month later?
U n't find true love in 2 days or even 2 years.
Maybe offer up some cash too.
I lived in the bedroom most of my life , my best friend being a mirror and playing music.
it depends on how he recovered when he found out you liked him.
he is either a mama's boy .
Maybe I would have waited then I would not have gotten divorced.
there is a secret on that...........try me and you will know
Meet her in public not at her place or yours.
who cares what the family thinks , he needs to love you , not them!
But I never asked him if he loves me now.
When you're in love, you just know!
Try to recognise that u r in Luv or you just want br friends.
did he ask you this in the heat of the moment?
if not , then you should find someone who does.
If your not , then you should move on.
either way , he is definitely an idiot .
or do you mean you like girls and act like a girl?
have to check local law books American Indaian no
if your brother is younger . That could be a deal.
Not anymore :) I'd say TALK.
In my family , we only exchange gifts with kids!
If you even have to question in...get rid of him.
IF you truely love others . Yes , wait.
Just going out and start meeting guys, there's bound to be nice guys out there.
but my advice is to go ahead and live with someone before marrying them.
They don't get to see their Daddy anymore.
its early if you get it from your bf.
Go and do something fun with her.
maybe you need a hug and some guidance
Marriage is the leading cause of divorce .
The Only problem is , once they get a guy they don't know what to do with him!
no do do that . Take it slow . It is a lifetime complete .
my I from egypt Plesse Icanot find any friends . Can you be my friend ?
You gotta make her want you.
That is just the way they are.
just say hi..or send a sms.
I luv steelers and I would wear normal clothes like sweat shirts and jeans .
as much as you can handle , having your cake and eating to enjoy! yourself
What happens If it's just for a one night hook up, the lean, built guy will win that one.
I love a guy who makes me laugh a lot
Just try and make it happen!
Obviously this girl is not that into you and likes the other guy more.
Most do not and they do not even know it themselves that they all lie most of the time
Maybe time will just tell why...
get in the habit of doing something else... a playful dirty look, maybe.
Finally I asked him if he still loves his ex (married with kid) and he said...
wll As for me , it seems that you do trust your girl..hey!!
you don't want him to know your street address just yet.
don't let me get you down.
looks, character, way of talking, style.
Thats how big girls look to me and most men that don't like them.
Like Maybe no one understands what's it's like for you?
It's a big world out there and it's waiting for you to jump back in better than ever before!
wanting to get revenge IS pathetic honey...move on...
Ouch, that right there spells trouble to begin with.
Why, do her letters show up on my company e-mail every day.
If you're good enough to live
or go to a strip club and just have fun !!!
Tell him exclusives like, (example) I would LOVE you to hit it from the back & spank me!
no it is not too young for a kiss!
Have you try phone sex with your girlfriend?
friends mean well,thats all I can say...
YOUR DOOMED, TELL YOUR MAMA TO COOK SOMETHING AND LET YOU HAVE IT.
because then you should talk to someone you trust and respect.
Then Once he tells me that I would be Well, Would you ever see me and you together?
Hey, I'm in the same boat as you!
you guys need to communicate before you go and file papaers.
asking someone that could with him to ask him 4 ya
And as far as I know, you only got one chance at it to make it work.
and this is important to me because?
so We just need a break.
do you mean morally or if they do this?
will your mom get over it?
While at work, I keep my mind on my work.
Actually, I think it's men who generally go by looks.
I I I have no real preference for body type, I mean I like my girls decent, 'm human.
Aquarious, I looked it up for you
know, so that I can find the guy and break his neck
Don't try to make friends.. Then you will have the best of them.. trust me ..
don't let him freakin move in with you!!!!!!!!!!!
It is about your heart(s) and not about the Stars in the skies !!!
Look at all the child predators out there...and the undercover cops that try to bust them.
can you get them in a retirement home?
just be nice until things get better---u do want to call it off too soon .
I'm 55 and I still dream about a girl from high school.
Just be a man, step up and ask!!!
First kiss is not as serious as virginity, but it's worth finding the right guy to give it to.
But I know how hard it can be.
as long as you like the person.
Are guys self-concious about this too?
it He just a friend of his.
Embrace your new found freedom-you don't need that dump truck of crap!
of course , it is just hope that they feal the same about you
then you know how really tough it feels like and your life will become better and without any probs !
i almost lost my friend over a guy.
the feeling of care which we have for parents, bros.; sisters and for friends....
live life.if he didn't like you , so what.
its the person who makes it last.
you have Sy....do you want to have a coffee ?
if you don't believe it can last then it won't.
Just buy her something and see if you are shivering.
I've already read the book , He's Just Not That Into You.
i will not give my life story and my situation is not exactly the same.
no I do think it is . I think it is for both of them .
Don't worry IT IS NOT YOU!
Pls ppl...let I know what I should do to get my husband like bf.
thats a hard one to answer , because the internet is so inpersonable.
My friend is always annoying when she doesn't try to.
PLZ HELP ME OUT...... What should I do now?
depends if you are male or female.
You don't want a guy that likes the fake you anyways.
But every time I want to end it, he doesn't want to.
And just WHAT the HELL are you asking?
Always with the good old country girl.
sorry... do not have good fun over the internet.....
(insecure) said of a person or their disposition: lacking confidence;
That's the way I see my wife.
i guess you could say he is interested in you.
To be honest none of them !!
Everybody wants to be loved really badly
I do think it is too young to have a kiss on the cheese .
If you love your current boyfriend that much , then you already know the answer
has he got a computer and no such computer savy?
tell him you love him and then maybe he will love you
i never be one, but I think it should be really good to hear yourself and him saying the vows.
Do whatever you want , your life and I think it is perfect.
so good luck getting the answer to that one.
READ THAT BOOK and DO NOT call him.
because if he is it can be weird because you're in different stages of your life.
Believe me, HE WILL NOTICE THAT!
Give him time to figure it out but don't wait forever, give him a time limit!
as with you wish you were a girl?
Answering you & watching an old rerun of Jaws2!
tell him I do love him , but do it in a nice way.
I admit, there are times I wonder what
Try to back off a little.
My friend is in love with his friend, well they're both guys.
i'm a girl and as for me , that's sweetiest thing a guy would do ... :)
If it's single serve stuff, your in.
Am I in love with her/him?
TAKE The First STEP is to TELL THE PERSON THAT YOU LIKE THEM.
terrible excuse; leave him out to dry
I can't seem to let her go...
What I would If I were in that situation , it would be to spice things up a bit.
but maybe you should dig a little deeper into the case.
One day if she is walking , walk with her and talk.
is he worth fighting with your mom over?
because you look good , but because you feel good.
now , if the guy doesn't want you to get him something still get something.
`` calling him say I LOVE YOU.
Let them come over and chill out with them!
mostly boys want to chat with girls , but girls I think they do want to chat with boys .
Most people don't have the maturity to pick someone out for life at a young age.
absolutly nothing ,love knows no race-religon-or gender.
however, just call her up and tell her the truth (gently though): that you want your things back.
I am Bisexual and I just came out and people are treating me A LOT differently .
The friends are either not as mature, or jealous of his good looks, or both.
Yes I got like a billion chicks... ok only 3 this week, but next week a billion.
If you had you would have learned anything....
yes , just export or down load
Or have a stripper do it for you....
big boobs and a sarcastic attitude... it worked for me....
DUH j/k become friends with them and make them tell you what they like and then screw them
well , pimpin aint easy . gotta put them feelins aside and put that mac down
2 of my exhubands were abusers.
Most of those girls reckon married men have experience . I think it is crazy!!
If it's a friend who talks about sex and you sometimes like it , then that's good.
hahahahhaahhaahhahahaha : ) If it smells like fish-- RUN in the other direction:>
you need a chat room with females in it so you can talk to them there.
but the money and the anger is why I am so close to leaving.
Who cares if it doesn't work out you LIVED!!!
Number one: you are too young to have a boyfriend.
i love the way her eyes get when she looks at me.
wait for 5 years and see
First of all, let me say I'm glad for you bro.
(And I think girls are mostly the ones not to call back!)
no.. and if you think so , you're a creap
Start bragging about having casual sex, and you'll have even more...
When you fart in bed with him.
It He.s It boring to liven it up a little use your imagination .
Leave her alone- if she loved you , she wouldn't have put you in that situation!
So it can work if you want it to!
and She is part of a soap unless she catches him red handed....
it all on you . No age is actually right unless you are married!
IF you e-mail me.
nobody has answered my question , but e-mail me and I will let you know about livinlifeintheoc@yahoo.com
She says 98% of the time she likes it rough but I never last long enough to get aggressive.
Yeah its called a d i l d o/pen any thing like a stick
The The The MORE MONEY YOU HAVE , THE closer FRIEND I WILL BE
i've seen her for 8 years
Then we became together.I love him but he just likes me.
He wanted in here and 'm not going anywhere.
Hes a bad boy, and kinda turns me on.
maybe your still in love with her.
Flirt and see if he responds.
Girls are tricks, you gotta play games to beat their games!
me and my boyfriend r thinking about getting engaged for Valentines's day.
there will always be good humens with the bad ones .
A lot more women , then men go by heart , then looks.
well, you better look for a good personality and awesome looks!
shopping with a guy doesn't mean you love him.
let him know how you feel.
You don't want any mistakes later.
some old guy in Texas who pretends to be nineteen or something?
your just the girl he sleeps with?....No...you better show him how you feel.
Why do you want to know...
if you really loved or like the person it shouldnt matter , then race or color
You don't got any time to waste , dude.
you don't want to hurt his ego.
And at 4 I can't say Hey your daddy cheated and you don't love mommy anymore.
Anyhow, I apologize for being wordy.
she do not date people from work.
Diamond ring...oh yeah, got that this holiday :) Why do I prefer it?
YES SOULD BE EVEN WORSE THOUGH.
I just want someone to talk to!
But if you ex really loved you , then they should have done that.
Right now, I still like him a lot and haven't gone out with anyone since the break up.
PEOPLE WHO KNOW BOTH OF YOU WILL EVENTUALLY TELL. you you you you You
some things have changed , but I do know.
writing him a letter and then going on holiday alone,to give him time to think about it .
first , , just tell her that you are always with her.
I said yes, he moved to where I live (a looooooong way) and we got married.
if he doesn't want to talk , then try counseling.
well I do what SMS means , but I want to meetcha
I can just n't trust him because I was used the last time I said that
can never have too much sex
How would I able to tell him if I dated someone else with him hating me?
yes, but I'm over the hill
Hey - if you like him, he's fair game.
get out while you can,run and look back.
Number two: You are too young to have a boyfriend on the internet.
To fight fairly, do the following: 1) Stick to the issue at hand.
they are only for fooling around
He looked sad, and walked away quietly...
trying to advise him and stay beside him
what two people feel can not be bad.
where are those girls, Could some of those send me a message on my yahoo
Why'd you give your stuff to her in the first place?
write her a note with one small flower then she will know who and what your all about!!!!!!
Don't be afraid though, don't show doubt.
once a cheater , always a cheater.
so if ya like girls go like girls , your life ain't know one stopping ya.
take him out and show him different places and new ppl !
just don't get too over anxious and being patient will pay off.
just start talking to her and get to know her more.
im in Wa if you want to find out
lazy inconsiderate husbands... :P the considerate , helpful grooms just stayed in the wedding pictures
when I read something instead of reading . I have my mind somewhere else .
!I wanna see if he is THE BEST MATCH FOR your BEAUTY and INTELLIGENCE!!
Hope this can give the both of you little help.
Now , Can I ask you one back?
Because you wouldn't like it if someone was doing that to you.
umm who are you talking about?
'm wondering if the only reason my bf stays with me is because I 'm incredible in bed?
I ASKED HIM ABOUT IT , BUT HE SAID THAT HE did HAVE ANYTHING GOING ON WITH HER.
man, you NEVER say that you're ugly.
MEN OVER THAT AGE TEND TO SETTLE ON ONE WOMEN.
TRY GOING WITH THE GUY THAT LIKES you & IF HE IS NOT THE ONE BREAK UP WITH HIM!
No more stupid hiding, or getting mad at him because you want to play hard to get.
you can't build a relationship if there is no trust.
But You should take a break and go get your GED.
I will ... even I know he is lying me or giving me a lot of pain ...
JUST TELL HIM YOU LOVE HIM!!
Yep,but they never work out for me.But I approve
is he way older than you?
Men hunting and women nest..........keep that in mind!
when he tells you that he loves you and he seems like he mines it
Dump him a cheatin friends , not a good friend!
then , So if you get it back , then you have to get it off someone else .
JUZ KEEP SAYIN HI WHEN you SEE HER.
i do see why people judge us..
I think some men are just not good at small talk.
yes, wait for a few more years.
you by letting a boyfriend find you
First of all , do confront this girl.
GODS SPIRIT EMANATING OUT OF HER!
Get to know someone before you take them to your home....LOL
Does he think he's hot stuff and you gotta put out his fire?
Eww no EFFFEnse but it is GROSS .
I just wanna know is it an attraction or more to it?
carrying around Your anger is such a burdon, and it is really not worth it.
But if you actually go out there and talk to your crushes then it's not as important.
Get a life, and look for another girl.
Just let it go, and only talk about it if he wants to (and says so).
He trying to change, I can see that...
Plan A: Try talking to him and your friends again if that doesn't work.
/ What is the real issue here?
No Why did you guys break up in the first place.
you should find someone who speaks your language and the language of the country .
Did you break up or did he?
I say it is never too soon to fall in love.
only If it is something you both want , you have to both want it.
I need help before I rely on messing up!!
'm a real playa but I do want to meet ya
Why would you care if there IS any?
The Girls will teach you to worry about it.
The date of birth doesn't matter more like a date with a guy.
if her accepting your offer is a good way, if not...forget it.
first be friends, guys fall in love with the girls who are really good friends so often :))
Well I do know what you mean!
Whatever you do and do give up.
ME 'm Latino AND I HAVE A SEXY BODY
do sweat it . There are plenty of boys out there who let your girl have him
The rest of herself aint so bad either!
Did you ask him why he wanted you to hit him with a coat hanger??
I MEAN , I CARE SO MUCH ABOUT THIS PERSON who is CRAZY!!!
not if it's lust, because sex with lust loses the most important element.........
its nice if you get it from your parents.
I agree with Yall we have like 50 chicks for each guy .
(People shouldn't knock it till they try it.
or that she has no f****ing idea what ur talking about.
because they are idiots.. men were put on this earth to be stupid.
Tell her If she can't trust you , then you don't need that in your life anyways.
just tell him you have a boyfriend . Just tell him who.
If he is shy , he might just be afraid to ask you out.
But I'm not that lucky yet.
I cheating and she put me out.
honestly, I'd just ask him face-to-face.
It won't hurt unless you have an issue between you two... }
have a really nice car/ its an instant EYE CATCHER!!!
I know ya'll had some yrs.
there are some places like Try there . If not , then try a map . lol
If you love her , then it's right.
just be yourself , and be honest, respectfull, and you will have any friend you want
he doesn't apologize to me about it, he's apologized to the other girl though.
Even if the wife was the one having the affair.
Why don't you try gettin' close to her a little bit ?
Did one of her friends ask you?
if not , then continue to be eye candy for the ladies.
its kind of hard because of the sterotype that surrounds musclebound men.
GOOD LUCK AND PRAY FOR US THAT have FOUND OURS(PLZ)
never to fall in love
Don't think about how hot she is.
Bottom line...suck it up and take what life throws at you.
How can I get her in the mood??
because I thought that was best for my child.
if 3 days later he n't call you CALL him, probably had appointments or something.
You should be pretty safe, but who would want to do it with you- BORING!
Wish you the best of luck, whatever you decide!
It sucks when you aren't even friends.
THAT IS A COOL POEM !!!
as a guy , give him some space.
], I don't see a problem with divorce.
oh telling the women you got two stores , is it necessary to get them interested in you?
People will label you a slut.
MARRIED AT 19 HERE AND THAT WAS TOO YOUNG.
If all he's doing is chatting, then no biggie.
THERE ARE BIRDS,ANIMALS,FLOWERS, MOST PEOPLE have SEEN.SUNSETS THAT WOULD TAKE YOUR BREATH AWAY.
so I make it short and to the point.
he was waiting to see if he was going to get something if he stayed married to her.
I 'm SURE SOMEONE ELSE WILL ASK YOU IF you do NOT ASK SOMEONE ELSE.
find someone to spend the rest of your life with
Well...what if he is just as lost as you?
im tired of taking him back.
Get out before it's too late.
Loosen up and let him have it!!!
YOU do YOU JUST HAVE TO TRUST HER UNTIL YOU CATCH HER
Its just a gig , so no.
!i have a few friends--he's tall , she's short..
!beauty lies in the eyes of the beholder
Also why is it that they are no longer married?
Just go up to her and be yourself.
And penis is not the only way you can satisfy women
yea I think it is a day to show someone you love , anyone , a friend , a boyfriend , a girlfriend.
trying Yahoo's personal site, It's free .
i have a friend who has a boyfriend that is horrible to her, calls her stupid too and everything.
She's a freshman-You're a junior, remember what it was like!
If you can't trust your mate, it's just not worth it.
Sorry I just dream about marrying my boyfriend a lot.
I hope someone answers this , so I will know too.
It sounds like you love her very much!
just ask... are you trying to be creative?
other people come and go, but you are always by yourself.
or desperate to get in your pants .
Some guys actually like big eyes.
Keep your hands in your pocket !
Tell him , you 're not ready and you don't know when you 're gonna be ready.
i to sleep when I close my eyes , so I just see her.
My wife is a good woman.
I just don't, and apparently she does too
`` Ask' Do u care if I call u sometime?
but dreams remind you of what you do.
and if she ain't, you won't ever see your things again!
trying to impress her with some how- do anything that sounds good.
dump him . , are not a trash can .
my Bro had the same prob.
I'm chatting with a guy from another country in the last few days and I do wonder ?
right IF YA LOVE HER THAT MUCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What is SO wrong about it???
good insight into this kind of thing.
If gays get married, it becomes the same as normal marriage later.
What if you never get married?
sure if you want to lose your husband in the future.
jUST BE REAL WITH HIM AND HE'LL COME AROUND.
and why would you want to make someone love you ? That fake.
Just as if I asked you a question . What is so wrong with being a Black?
when I call him about it , he denys it .
Listen, my dear, it's all about doing you.
receiving this message , so what do you think ?
There are so many ways to liven up things..do . not just let it fall by the way side.
My boyfriend and I just started dating.
do not do it keep it to email . Only fix what you have first
and If the girl is worth it , she'll appreciate you and say yes!
choose sweet but not cute because they respekt you
call her , but if you think something is going on like she doesnt like you , then dump her
u have to have a lot of luck with you and have a good time.
So my answer would be no.
Just tell her to stay out of their way and have friends
Size is a GOOD thing and you either have it or you don't.
You are a good woman or you wouldn't be worried about your marriage.
If your girlfriend is happy . Her mum will be happy.
And now...oh my god my sms is being read by a crazy man as well LOL
I I I break up with her and say I do want to do this . I 'm very very sorry
this may not have given what you wanted , but I tried... love my cowgirl....
children) Then what do you have to lose?
Good luck anyway whatever you decide to do!
hanging out with your girlfriends, go shopping, pursue a hobby, watch TV, whatever, spend some time alone, enjoy yourself.
Men play at love to get sex, women play at sex to get love.
who's always honest and listens to your problems gets along well with you has your back
Showing that a picture of your good looking self is a good start!
forgive them but do forget their names...
find a kinky chick that went down
I mean, what if she wants to treat him like her REAL husband?!!
don't waste a friendship over a stupid (or great) guy.
ya it is possible if you both love each other very much.
you ca , only the person , if they are honest , will tell you
spare me...sounds like a load of bull.
so sometimes guys will say that , so the girl will have sex with him.
women do it all the time to men.
Nope nope nope they are all dogs .
(WELL THERE ARE LOTS OF THINGS......)
there really is no answer to that question because it really depends on the girl.
sometimes they have a different appearance . Sometimes they think differently.
im great , Actually 2day is my birthday .
is something that Nowadays people make a big deal out of it.
TO ME , It SEEMS LIKE SHE WANTS HER CAKE AND EAT IT too
every thing except doggy ...what's urs?
WOw, I didn't know there were 7 seas!!!
you being played as a sucker.
if he really loves you,he won't even think about it for one second.
No sweetie, I'm not even considering it... ;)
if he likes you a lot . He will give you everything you want.
i would (sell)it,and make a nice profit while I could
youre never too young if you love the person you are getting married to (or if they are rich) or both.
well I hope this will help you
a nice smile and a good heart .... ooops thats 2
such detailed dream can get you pregenant.
Good Men != Good + Men.
It It seems to be a tranny.....
club coffee shop store . You tell me
Okay, you've fallen down, it's time to get back up.
hi first loved you , then suddenly got a new girlfriend.
together, good or bad, but you deserve better.
Please do not listen to that stupid answer she just gave you.
Just now I read some gay guy who wants hamburgers
Good women always find good men... (I guess you got the answer ; )
women are jealous beings...esp when it comes to their boyfriend having female friends
If she looks at you while you 're not talking.
If the two of you are into it, then yeah.
ha ha u don't u have to catch her doing something wrong behind your back!!
Why would you want to be with a guy that doesnt love you---??
then , after some time, see if he's ready
You will have to ask him that!!!!
i do think we made it out of the parking lot that night... ;)
Besides once someone does truly love you.. he will come back begging anyway.
if he cares he will try, I said TRY and do this .
It could be lots of fun!
$100 all day long any jeweler.
if she threw you off, she obviously doesn't want a romantic relationship with you anymore.
kissing another guy in front of him
If she glares at you...forget it!
You're gonna do what you're gonna do anyways, right?
yes you should.coz fightin is not a good experience for me.
(put the gun on the table and talk to him)....or..fine..just talk to him.
So many are looking for something they can't have instead of keeping the person they are with.
what a girl do when she wants to kiss me too?
maybe , who knows, only time will tell, wait and see
guess by trying to keep up a relationship with one of many.....making others insecure!!!!
My ex used to call me her Poet Lover.
Geeze, I hate it when really good looking people are so boring!
groose kidding , I meant your question .
So, if he can do it , so can you!
If she really cares for you, having a smaller penis will not matter.
Should I GO AHEAD AND CALL CHEATERS.
Actually, I'm going to marry him.
boys just look in for girls because they like them or they just think they 're hot
ya he is right and I don't want get arested + u r too young
yes it is colour shouldnt matter
pls help me... PS: give me geniune replies...this is very serious to me.
OK...FIRST of all..stop with the suicidal shit..not gonna help you.
Well I can't answer that because I have a friend I don't like either.
SO , TRY TO KEEP your MIND OFF HER AND KEEP your SPIRITS UP.
As mentioned earlier lawsuits and begging work
But if you are gay and looking for a religion where that won't be sinning, there isn't one.
So, how does she know that you like her?
?, Sorry I do know what that is .
It feels like if my mom doesn't even like me.
You are a fool for staying... not leaving.
Just imagine him being a father!
why you keep thinking about her.you want her back to how things were when ya'll got married
CLICK THE historical BUTTON NEXT TO THE BUTTON THAT SAYS MEDIA
people who are not kind and selfish are very ugly .
You filling out your own LONG paperwork but it's cheap (like under $200.00).
leigh's answer .......... to the point......
if a man called me a freak I would take that as an insult.
typing this...and eating my dinner...and you..
SHOULD I TELL HER WHAT I THINK OR MOVE ON.
getting points for anwsering this and just hanging around my house before I go into work tonight .
Funny, great conversationalist, big brown eyes, great looks.
if he keeps on pushing about gettin' it on - you need to move on.
take your parents with you, if you can.
maby you 2 should go separate ways for a while.
Then she came back to me saying that she didn't want that guy anyway.
Guys shoudln't just be Oh what's the best way to get this hot girl in bed with me!
are you having problems with your wife?
But if you loved her , you 'd never truly forget her and youll always love her.
yes I am :) ym me :)
us women think we are going to hurt their feelings.
Id love to.. Hey 'm online on yahoo.. Buz I 'm hoping to talk to ya
You should try to hang out with him.
If she gets upset only after realizing she`s wrong, tell her to SUCK IT UP.
But that is up to you.
I live with a bunch of racist rednecks , but I 'm not racist.
or the person is just so dense.
it happened before and will happen again!!!!!
i would give him three strikes and he's outta there!
Find another one in at least 5 years!!!!!
Yes I am... hit me up with info... me69dou2@yahoo.com
I just bought one last year .
Try your local Biker Bar..If your Butt Ugly , you should score around closing time.......
me me me me me me
The head nurse couldn't check him in.
divorce is not a horrible thing.
THE WORST THEY CAN SAY IS NO.
Trial and error, don't come on too strong, and have fun!
If he or she truly cares about you , there's no reason why he or she should cheat.
ask the married men some times the girls know
E-mail me so we can talk about this: wilsonfreetorhyme@yahoo.com
And you have the 411 , so why not.
.. behave yourself and come on .. how can you even think about it!
Sorry, but Mom is ALWAYS right...and it REALLY sucks to hear I told you so
Be gentle but confident and do not look scared!
She already has one child and her mother takes care of it.
Best bet: KEEP YOUR PANTS ON UNTIL YOU GET MARRIED
I don't like big girls because they don't look good to the eye.
Then In December she broke up with me cuz she started learning another guy.
She really will if you do that OK?
You see where I'm going here?
She will think you are a stalker.
say 'm not ready to make a huge commitment , yet being friends is the best for me right now.
yeah there is really something wrong.
leave him because he is not worth it , but because you can do better
do you always show what you have.
The only good men around , the men us women do want, like the less attractive, more geeky ones.
I am not looking for a BF
you need to weight out your options.
If you don't like that , lose weight.
In my opinion , guys only like foreign girls because they think that they are more sexy
he wants you for sex and you know it.
they're all happy dreams & they're all different.
and try to show them off too much..
There are men out there who are willing to love and BE loved (I am one of them!)
4. ooo ear lobe sucking.. every guy has a different spot, but you get the idea.
Ok I have been dating this girl for almost a year . that I met in yahoo chat .
yes , because your grandmother 's mother and his great grandmother 's mother would be sisters.
if they have their mouth open and they're male
so if you stay with him , then you realize what he wants and nothing more.
BUT FOR NOW , GO ON WITH YOUR LIFE.
aww that was so sad Well needless to say she was a bitch!
How can I convince him I didn't mean it?
give her red rose and kiss
Do you know what a woman 's basic needs are?
Because I really care what they think.
If not, he's not worth your time!
i call my fiance Bubba and Baby.
but listen . Don't let other people judge their role in your life.
Furthermore guys need friends , just like girls need their friends.
Let him have a little bit, offer him a snack , you know?
She started TALKIN' to that guy.
Anyway, You should do what ever makes you happy.
Clearly He is not just friends with you - he is still hung up on you.
THERE ISNT A PLACE LIKE THAT NO WHERE...
let her do what she wants.
(some of these cost as little as $20).
Yes , EVERY SITUATION IS DIFFERENT , BUT YOU HAVEN'T GROWN UP YET, SO TO SPEAK.
I'm sure it's what she's waiting for.
i just watching the weekend in Bernies, and now I 'm answering your question... what are you doing?
Ask her and if she says Yes, that's means she likes you
what it means and what should I do now?
I'm a good man, just not latino.
If you are the bride, it is really up to you.
You always need somebody like that , so you never feel you are not worthy.
it is not weird at all, My husband loves my toes!
I really do not know what to do.
pls do try, get out of mine, it is better that you buy a dog.
do you realize what this means?
um school by bumping into each other accident
thats just nasty . I would never have a stanger in my house .
Uh huh, you wan't someone to pay your way...right.
size does matter and movements matter .
Well If you guys are close , you should tell her.
Tell her what she wants to hear.
I could please my man lol!!!
as long as the person makes you happy.
But a kiss on the lips, 7th grade is a little too young for that.
if you love her, yes, go for it.
I love her very much and I would do ANYthing for her.
I preffer all of thee above :P
or does it matter..keep in mind I would be a very good catch and a great hubby
i'd be freaked out if you were my bf.
and My boyfriend knows either lol.
ok oohing and aahing aside were you wet down there Does she eat pea-nuts during sex?
My favorite colors are brown and blue .
in making friends, first thing I know is to be nice.
Ask Im, If E really likes you , E wouldn't want you
omg....... I never done it so I don't know.. lol bit I guess it's really sweet..
how you would feel if he did that to you.
please do say just ask . that it would be awkward .
If you really have to ask that, then I think you already know the answer
So don't let things get really bad.
that does happens in many cases.many often make ideal couples too.
go on to a female chat room
Guys can be a little showy . Sometimes , which is a male thing ;) Hope this helps.
go for fantasy, live life with no regrets
First night, first night of what?
EVEN IF IT IS WINTER AND FREEZING COLD.IT WILL BE THE MOST NERVOUS, SWEATY,PERSPIRATION FILLED DAY OF YOUR LIFE.
That you don't share her with anyone else .
all shades of blue and pink
of course there is, just how to do it?
not making yourself stick out like a sour thumb.
that is a disgrace to mankind, so don't even think about it!!
just tell him what you really feel for him, maybe she is also into you!
What if money went missing?
so I told him str8 up 4 him not 2 say that unless he meant it.
if he's not calling anymore & things like that.
everyone getting married at the right time in their relationship.
But some people think it's for a guy to shower a girl with love and gifts.
4) Finally I asked him if he still loves his ex (married with kid) and he said...
But is still the same:( I just can't leave.
should I say yes or no or what?
Although my type is a white guy but I 'm not predjudice.
Dump him, and go do things that make you happy with other people who make you happy.
You sound like you're a kid.
whatever you do . Do use a lame pick-up line!
if you don't like to date drunk guys, dump him for whatever reason
so instead we stay in relationships we do not want.
and no animal sex is not appropriate either . The same rules apply .
* Love happens when you are not looking.
Girls don't like shy or weak guys!
Have the other girl tells her.
Might take some time, but it'll be worth it in the long run, if that's what your up for!
Guys are pretty much going to do whatever you'll let them. do
trying to go out with him and see what happens.
is If there pupils are dialated , then you know.
we are all hot in our own way.
At least you won't spend the rest of your life wondering about what could of been..
Three FWD Wishes: Grace => Mercy => Peace.
Take that break and don't let him in your bed!
so don't do it to yourself.
If you think that two women being together is sick, then why ever answer the question????
i do think it matters if your white, black, purple, yellow, etc.
I ask her nicely , please don't do this.
but I told him that I do know anything about this , but he wants an answer from me.
well because he felt like mom hates girls . Luvyo Bro Sry
WE are friends now , but we don't have feelings for each other
i Fall 4 now can we go out ?
it a ****** smells like fish . She needs to see a doctor .
Do you hang mostly with him?
Most girls like mature guys.
have you thinking about what you could win?
YOU JUST NEED TO STOP LOOKING AND SOON THEY WILL FIND YOU.
Send Her flowers and chocolate MORON girls like that I should know
hope I helped you :) but if I do
i'm assuming you mean that you're cheating on her.
LIVE YOUR LIFE SO THAT YOU WON'T REGRET NOT DOING IT LATER.
or, get someone to do it for you.
Mary and like brunettes better than redheads
No......no girl would want to go home with a stupid idiot like you.
i do exactly know where we stand in a relationship.... ANY TIPS??????????
JUST BE CAREFUL CUZ WHAT GOES AROUND COMES AROUND!
He sounds like a pretty decent guy but just not the guy for you.
Find her & talk to her!
If he is a nice guy , then you should totally keep him!
i have some stupid popup that won't go down and I can't turn off the speakers....elevator music, nooooooooo!
But My boyfriend is my best friend , but it ruins our relationship OK..
Now his ex wife may be coming back to him.
You do not want children with problems, do you?
go right ahead if you like them and they like you back.
I say, just go over and start talking!
yes , you are supposed to please a woman.
but ask yourself are you mentally and physically ready?
i just wish for you that you get a Real and loyal friend.
Yes he's just not ready to tell you yet
don't concentrate on hatred, it will consume you to death!
remember, In the end, it 's just you.
im 15 m and nice to talk to as a cool friend
Where can I find a great guide to lesbian sex positions??
oh love that doesnt sound good :( 'm sorry to say , but I do think he is worth it.
entertaining her with some small talents.
If you're not happy , then why should you stay with him?
go g!ve he@d to a female fish and then you can tell us all what it smells like
The Kids still need their dad , but you do not need a looser for a husband.
This is such a crazy question that people think needs to be answered.
you just like that certain type.
This kind of thing makes me mad!
Yes, though it depends where you go.
(secretly) and I've found no colficts with culture and otherwise.
and on v-day give her roses and ask her out.
it depends about whom you get kiss.
as for you- find something interesting to do for that time.
just be yourself self most of the time , work good luck :p
My First thing is, me and my ex have split up and got back together a lot
Just asking her if she has a boyfriend
Being a girl I suggest gifting her a set of ring, necklace and ears is the best....enjoy
i did, and it worked out nicely
Do your mind . Of course , it is wrong!
but tell her what you want . It the way you say it , mean it is what it is .
PPL Juz THINK ITS WEIRD GOIN OUT W/ THE SAME SEX
and think that if you do not have it , something is wrong
stop being so shallow about a hot one.
i'm ready to give in or give up.
3 months, At that age it took about 3 days for me!
Wondering how stupid one must be to use 'u' instead of 'you'.
break up with her , She will be more sad if you don't don't make her the bystanderd
Kids is going to be a problem.
I was going to say you momma.
if you want someone to talk to practicallie_sane@yahoo.com is my e-mail
I loved a guy for 4 years, and he loved me, too... or so I thought...
tell her how hurtful they can be
Figure out what you did wrong!
as many times as their schedule allows
by the way , do listen to the dude with spell check because his a churk.
He cn/cnt be lyn- people usually do about this things
he doesn't love you boo......why waste your treasure on him?
I pursuing guys kinda agressivly, it works for me.
imagine If they both divorce you and each one takes half of everything, you will be left with nothing.
Only A lot of guys ca handle me.
I don't know what to talk about.
You know, it's just creepy that you are looking for a girlfriend in a chat room..what are you?
Yea,they married all sweet girls lol!
anyone who says so is called a racist.
becasue we are obviously not allowed male friends with you guys getting jealous.
so your not alone and so you feel loved.
What are you interested in.... girls?
And make sure to ask her out!
if you oppose it , maybe you should stay in your own affairs.
go to a bar and PARTY !!!!!!
the Best of luck to you in life, love, and happiness.
i could be friends too.
Let me know if you 're out there.
Feel like you couldn't have more bad luck if you offered to buy it?
Hang out with friends keep yourself busy.
Try to think of the kinda stuff he likes and work with that...ex.
Do you like to long walk on the beach too ,
You want to wake up one morning and think Oh my god what have I done????!!!
Do not look too hard though, you may never find him.
It seems easy , but it ain't Jess n dave
i need a dish that looks, smells and tastes great, but is foolproof, because I am a fool.
I think it might mean if you ever wanted to be friends with benefits , he is willing to call.
Someday he'll come across every person out there.
if she really cares about you , she'll come back.
or even on the subway or in a store.
Let it going and move on!
someone who is my age . I mean like 13-14.
a guy is just a guy.
fact IT HAS BEEN PROVEN THAT MORE MARRIED WOMEN CHEAT THAN MEN.
u r anyone else should want to be labeled as a freak.
You can't take back words - you said it, he believed it.
(Notice I mentioned nothing about looks, job, or money.....none of that really matters to a truely sincere woman!)
Don't be a fool and fall for the same line as a lot of girls do.
Hell dump you right after sleping together.
but like I said , you need to sit him down and talk to him about it .
If he acts suspicous then leave it at that for then and do some detective work.
but men and women define their need for space differently.
Just like the stuff at the store that is half price, why is it so cheap?
Whe you are in it, you know!
Try watching Bueaty and the Geek, u'll c wat I mean
I n't think I was doing anything wrong!
if they call you beautiful , not hot.
tell her that you can satisfy the needs of both of them.
you going to regret it , I promise you.
pshhh.. 'm just as stunned as you are..
If you are not religious and she is OK with that, then it should not be a problem.
Are you going to go around the whole world collecting your stuff back?
B/c I don't want to hurt anyone's feelings.
my reply to that is : I WILL IF you FIND LOVE IN ME..:) READ THIS.....................:)
Dump his butt, have some self respect.
Sooner or later , she'll realize what a nice person you are!
I mean did she break up with you because she thought you had called her ?
Every time I fall in love here . it hurts!
Tell her She'll let you know!
just went up and said will you go out with me and ask her for her number
i'm very desperate to know my answer!
Hot chicks don't get to talk to a lot of great guys because everyone is intimidated by them.
meaning for meaning is to mean that it doesnot have a meaning . lol
We double dating w/ my sister and her boyfriend.
sometimes good enough is just that
the 2's company, 3's a crowd, 4's too many, 5's not allowed.
AT THIS POINT IN MY LIFE , I AM READY TO GIVE UP.
from your situation.. dump him.. you said that its stale already.
i love him and I felt wonderful with him .
Sure, just load it in the picture area.
keep a distance with your friend...since you already know it .
Hook him up with a F**king f a g
you can't make someone love you even if you try.
because they take their life and love lightly.
I do whatever ever I want to look really hot around him
Do you really want a girl whose mother is gonna control her life?
Just be nice & polite & be yourself....If that is not enough you can always ask !!!
Now I have fun and enjoy my life . . I'm the one that is important.
Tell him . That's not your style.
If you still have feelings for this guy that does complicate things.
I don't see anything wrong with that!
I was not able to just forgive & forget!
i think you're totally right about this not being a place for gay bashing.
like Prett Farve, he was really good , but now he is not so good.
Yep love is just one of those annoying little things in life that you have absolutely no control of.
If you play hard, you'll get the GRAND PRIZE ;)
i was 15 when I first met him.
i do remember anyone who does
it might be wrong for the involved person, but not you
I 'm not sure, but I 'm on 8th, and 13, and still never did, and I 'm PROUD of it!!!
after all, she's your best friend , so its perfectly understandable that you like her.
If they become obstreperous, . I have one of my minions trounce them.
(for e.g ask him to call you whenever he feels ok).
By the way , we are both females and not gay :-)
Not any god I want to know.
trust me, 'm 19 and they're still like that at that age .
I can not tell you how shallow that is!
And for what, to appease some god?
If she wants it to give her another chance.
AS LONG AS YOUR HEART IS AS BIG AS YOU think , ALL THAT MATTERS.
Yes there is nothing wrong with
Why do you call it love when both of you cheat and lie to each other????????
If you do it really well, he might graduate you to baseball bat...now that's where the real fun starts!
And I could not be happier w/ ANYONE else.
I can tell you this, most guys I met don't care so they do it any way
.........so I quit talking to her, in search of a smarter woman.
But don't go around kissing everyone!
depends if he was my size and I liked the choices of clothing he wore....!
lol but you should just make sure you are there for him !
Yes, he likes you, he is just shy.
Al green Luther Vandross, whatever you like, just don't have it so loud that you can't talk.
Don't wait until after Valentine's Day!!
so ignore him, and do show him any kind of interest!
yes, but that is not the way to bet.
if the guy does like you for who you are , then he is not worth it!
I don't see what the problem is.
just come out and tell her that you want her to be you gurl!
But make sure nothing comes out of it, even of course you're married...
I like this guy , but I hate asking guys out , but I do think I should ask him out
For awhile, but then they are always looking if there is nothing else to back up the relationship
picking up your bible and reading it and you'll know what love is.
Do try to watch the kind of foods she packs in her cart though!
I do KNOW WHAT TO DO ABOUT MY MOM 's DECISION!
HERE U GO CHECK DIS OUT!!
and besides , whatever makes the two of you happy is what counts.
By the way , how old are you???
depends on the man.... give me a response.
I know it's hard, but try and pity them.
If she's made it clear to you that it's over , move on.
Well, first look for a girl that likes you.
I know it is hard but you should definitely NOT call him.
First off... why doesn't your family approve?
If not then I just defiled my hairbrush for no reason ;)
i know how hard it is.
i'm 18 and cannot wait to get marry.
yes you are way too young to think about marriage
The The The easiest way would be yahoo messenger
i am an 18 - year old Christian male that is , to put it frankly , horny.
If that's the case , then don't worry about what they think.
after the squealing , ask them to be at your wedding.
So y not in love ????
But,(there's always a but), you also have to think about what would make BOTH of you happy.
but ca find something about it .
wait a bit- dont be so eager
If she wants it and you take it easy, she will want you even more!
if he'solder that could also be it.
Just remember, be a gentleman and don't kiss her on the first date.
If you can't get things together , then you don't like each other and you do not want to be.
(Or Husband Swap if that ever comes about - it is only fair!)
Keep yourself busy...VERY BUSY so that you can't think about it.
well you answer your own question stupid . There it is
have a real serious talk with him.
Be the bigger man (you know what I mean)!
I got married 2 months ago , had a boyfriend and had physical relations.
Can be trusted . Do you like to laugh ? You Need more info .
To catch guys, guys want a chase, not easy.
I was 15, she was 21.
if he's smiling and looking at you , then sure, he likes you.
thats why everyone knows except the wife.
It is wrong for gays to get married!
if God didn't want homosexuals , then he wouldn't have put that on earth.
He's a really nice guy... loved by everyone, a crowded darling I may say.
Are you playing with your dad's computer?
Now , here is a heads up for how guys think.
nearly 11 ,or 12 , they mature
man I DID pick the wrong day to stop sniffing glue
i feel it is okay because we are free people,and can do so.
If n't satisfied , email me at fastfellow2000 id in yahoo.i hope you will be satisfy.thanks
if you love this guy and he loves you , then go for it.
As long as I already knew the girl and we had some chemistry
sure it been done plenty of times.
He said my voice is sexy too, esp.
tust me . You'll know when you meet the right one.
there really should BE any guys who fit your description!!
i will be pretty weird . Don't and don't make yourself yourself the first talk of people
Throw a big party and then tell them about it and then they'll like omg i lve .
i say you will know when its time!
be honest and be true to yourself
But maybe he just wants to spice up your sex life?
If you do not take charge in your life, who would??
dbl wahmy..as a female would that be something that would turn you off?
AND IF YOU SHARE IT WITH SOMEONE,IT WILL ADD A LITTLE MORE TO YOUR WORLD.
Just make sure you do mess up or lie...
Black ps I am not an African American
Maybe She also loves HERSELF and HER LIFE!
but hey , I 'm only one person.
Don't make it too big or expensive.
Kinda, but I knew someone who got married at 18.
Yep, having sex with yourself!
make sure she is a lesbian too.
can you tie your shoes now?
Well it sounds to me like you haven't found real love at home or abroad.
in this case, either he plain lied or he has issues (abusive issues or just bad personality)
i n't want a guy to like me for my body parts!!
I care about him , but I'm not sure if I want to end up marrying him.
TAKE A BIG DEEP BREATH and SAY HI to START A CONVERSATION . 2 SEE what you GUYS HAVE IN COMMON.
she coming back in 5 years.
I kissing a guy in the check in 2nd grade!
Works like the rabbit but way cheaper.
flirt . First , see if she responds well to that and then ask her
Pitts...why do you care what others think?
Unless you're fat and ugly, say hi to 'em.
;) But Rascal's right - if one has love in mind and the other lust, it won't work.
you'll never know until you lose it!!!
He already went out with this other chick after me.
just stuff that they know that means thnx 4 being my bridesmate I hope I helped you a little
I always believe that guys ask girls out.
If she's rude.....chances are she's not worth pursuing.
We're good friends too (have received many hugs!).
Cheating: There are people who are capable of it, and there are people who aren't.
u guys break up... that means that you do love each other.
you don't give a rings unless you are married already or you want to be.
e: A very sweet guy who needs to move on.
I wonder if anyone else really wants to be happy...
I need more info about you
first of all , how you dress.
The The ugliest woman is a man because he's no woman
If you really are that bad of a cook.
just go talk to the girl, be friendly and give your relationship some time.
Do the things you couldn't do because the ex didn't want to do them.
but if you'd like, you can work at a tobacco farm or work in the summer time.
it depends whenever you are both ready and you want to spend the rest of your life together
I tried to leave him so many times , but I 'm the one who always looks like a fool.
I don't know what to do.
if you have them on the ropes,whipped or sprung yes otherwise no.
MAYBE We GIRLS do BELIEVE you TO THAT EXTENT....WELL you ca BLAME US for THAT.
Look at all the pretty grrrs here!
He didn't like the break up...
is 7th grade to young to have your first kiss?
I HAVE WAITED FOR A LONG TIME TO fall IN LOVE WITH THAT SPECIAL SOMEONE.
typing the answer to this , which is typing the answer to this
you've been dating her for months now , right?
Man, I thought you were married anyway????
Plus, I had an uncle who had 2 wives, They couldn't live together in one house.
Track her down and ask her what gives.
and She will save you a lot of heartache even though you do believe it.
in a joking kind way.
A guy they can't figure out drives them nuts.
So I suppose God thinks animal-luvin is okay!
TRUST IN the MOMENT AND LIVE IN JOY
Believe in true love, it is out there, but don't go looking at it and do look too hard.
OK . I'll tell you what it is but promise you'll never play with your dad's computer once again.
We fighting because he doesn't seem to care that much...
Don't hate me because I'm honest.
sorry, you need to figure that out, that is something only you know the answer to
My daughter says she hates it here and wants her daddy back.
flowers and sweets won't do it.
42% of guys are good guys.
Three Fwd=> Wishes: Grace => Mercy => Peace.
if he doesnt know what you are worth , then he doesnt deserve you in the first place.
Girl I think he's playing both of you..He probably don't want either of you
Don't force anything, that's the key.
If you have to ask , you have a lot to learn.
i had myself done this with my girlfriend a couple of times- and not for cheating!!
If you get a reaction, great.
But Your man loves you.
Talk to a buddy, the men at church, people who I wouldn't worry about.
If they have not, then it is completely wrong.
TWO: She could be cheating & she is afraid you'll know or already know.
ask him what he thinks of you
talk to her about why she doesn't want you to see him.
If you want a really good guy, just be yourself, and love yourself and that guy will find you.
Maybe HE should dump your butt because you're an OLD STORK!
WELL THINK ABOUT IT . Would WANT your BOYFRIEND to do THE SAME THING TO you . I DON'T THINK SO.
Why didn't you go with her?
It is sad to say that most guys do care about weight.
Think about what you would do if you were her.
Don't bother, he probably isn't worth it anyway.
DIAMOND RING They ARE GIRL 's BEST FRIENDS .
I don't care what it is...
Nevermind that the guy might be a great guy.
Any guy who's out there and doesn't care about the girls ' feelings, isn't doing for the right reason.
Is it too difficult to say GOOD BYE to somebody who treats you like garbage??
i think you are a bit too young for a relationship.
If you love him, keep loving him.
if I was to flirt with you . It's because I like you.
Nowadays , with aids out there , Sure it is a good thing!
THAT He HAS NOTHING to worry ABOUT!
If you BREAK your PROMISE, you Cannot be TRUSTED; If she BREAKS hers, she is FORCED to do so.
watching sports with him and complain, suck his c0ck and bring him a beer
PLEASE, LEARN TO LOVE YOURSELF FIRST.
i too, am going through the same thing.
tell him that it is YOUR day not his.
Are you freaking serious with this question...
Or least until they breakup, and even then you should talk to her first...
IF he really loves you . Look at what love is and what it is not.
that is way too small for you and I and you should know that.
but still ca get over him/her.
but just be his friend for now because it sounds like what he needs.
let me with the website plz.
she knew we would get upset, That 's why she told you before.
If he's with a girl or married , leave it alone . It's not worth it.
Why isn't he 'doing' me now?
Love and trust, can't have one w/out the other!!
i find out how to be nice to her and just be yourself.
But ask yourself What am I feeling, What is he feeling?
(and I am really not trying to pass judgement here, just being fair).
Especially if you arent doing anything wrong.
second: have you been drifting away from her?
Of course, the flip side of love, is ...what?
if you think about him in a cushhy way,don't!
WELL.....FINK you SHOULD LEARN GRAMMAR PROPERLY FIRST...COZ UR QUES DIN MAKE ANY SENSE without IT......
as man 's sex is a must must !!
Need to impress girls, then don't try to act smart.
Well to quote Eddie Murphy It's a d___k thing.
i You want an outdoor wedding with the leaves turning, the fall.
because it was always my fault.its something a lot of men and women have just don't say anything.
Right and w will be married soon...
not from dog , not from cat.
when you find one , of course .
not at all,I never come online here.
You can't really talk at all.
Maybe That is all you need to do.
thats soo weird . I feel the exact same way . wow!
If YOU DON'T TRUST HER , THEN YOU DON'T LOVE HER . You JUST THINK THAT YOU DO.
'm headed to chicago one weekend , a 12hr road trip
You can't really talk at all.
Maybe That is all you need to do.
thats soo weird . I feel the exact same way . wow!
If YOU DON'T TRUST HER , THEN YOU DON'T LOVE HER . You JUST THINK THAT YOU DO.
'm headed to chicago one weekend , a 12hr road trip
I think you should forget about her.
or by not trying to look at him much.
Tons of fish in the sea!
the same reason why everybody else falls in love, attraction
you do have to , but maybe sumthin tellin you to stay there and sumthins giving you hope!
looking into his eyes.. classic but works :)
Then I KNEW that I knew I loved him.
i think it 's good to be protective because it shows how you feel about her . Am I right ?
Oh yeah... take a lot's of toilet paper for those moments that... you know !
you could say well Hey buy me a coke and we'll discuss it!
i do want him to give up on me because we ca find anything to talk about.
my man is a good 8'
However, If you're YOUNG AND HORNY, TRY THE BATHS.
It might be more to this Question if you know what I mean.........hmmmmmmmmmmm
in other words , he just wants a piece to tell his friends about.
give him more time...guys take longer at these things.
That's the same thing I'm going to throw with my wife
If you HURT her, you are CRUEL; If she HURTS you , you are too SENSITIVE!!
Tell him , I said `` Good luck with that.
you will find someone who loves you back, because if he did he wouldn't hurt you.
any kind you want to ask.
Especially if he/she really not cheating you.
I hope this helps a lot of people out there.
tell him the truth in a letter . Do ever make him wait , as you will break his heart .
you gotta take a chance, or else you'll never know.
You guys are still kids yourself . waiting until you are married.
And glad that I have the best of both worlds.
best advice, hook up with her outside of the job.
there is help out there but who really needs it right.
So I need your advice , guys and girls,what should I do next?
I don't know, I don't care, but your attitude is totally hot.
just depends on what type of music you and your partner are into.
you is a very smart young lady.
you did not make a mistake . You said what came from your heart.
BECAUSE WHAT YOU HAVE IS EXCITING AND FULFILLING IN WAYS YOU NEVER DREAMED OF.
no that would not be dumb because you think ya'll are good for each other . go for it .
Depends upon the man, of course (whether he is her type or not), but sure!
25 as long as the man is long and strong .
if you know any girls , then ask them to be your gf
Well does he say he does?
You really can't answer that question as male or female......It just depends on what type of person you are..
i would take a step back and look at which person makes me happier and why.
Depends on what you want to know.
i You really love him , do break with him just because people said things.
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!!
I've never cheated on my wife.
myself... there's this one girl... but I have asked her yet
depends on who is watching it...
well I dunno... nobody slept with me when I was 8 years old... LOL
she gets rid of guilt by confessing.
(sorry about the run on sentence!)
Yes he CAN, but no he SHOULDN'T.
hmm.... gotta agree with Batista cant argue there.
Hell, what do I have to lose?
Love him if you love him.
Simply don't agree to going out with him if he asks you again.
keep yourself busy with other things , so it will keep your mind out of hunting
but seriously, just go up to her and talk to her.
ahha then she will stop thinking she needs to fake it if indeed she was.
if you like the guy, do date him.
But you don't see me murdering anyone, do you?
if he looks at you a lot and likes to be around you and acts funny around you.
ask her if she wants to.
2 People, no matter how much they are in love, have ups and downs in their relationship.
It n't matter who you fight with, what you say, or who looks at you funny!
lets her know you noticed her in a deeper rhelm.... not just the lower body!
If she is interested in him . The answer is NO!!!
If he truly loved you, he could be with her!
preppy,trendy punk,goth plain or fusions of styles?
Ow glad I didn't know the answer
PS- If you ever go to Mexico , get some yoli soda.
accept him as only my friend so that I do lose my love!!!
Who did she get HIV from?
Who knows why she is cold .
i like my man to be tall . It is so sexy....
By the way , I love a sexy man.How old are you??????
No need to be hatred .... if you are confident in these image so go on !!
if so, then to answer your question.
Girls don't just see money or looks.
well I agree with you because I 'm addicted to it :)
just keep getting caught up- and MOST of them can't even lie well to cover their tracks.
of course , there is a silly question
A man being kind to a girl is sexy...
you out on a date and this guy grabs your attention . Is it rude to gaze?
i wish I could tell him enough.
He should love you tons bunches of oodles anyway.
keep it professional on the job.
im in the exact same position.
you should not give them your number.
if he says I love you don't say it back to him unless you really mean it.
he can but it is considered cheating and no one likes that!
Only if the guy doesn't think the girl is hot(unless, he has better, but that is not foolproof).
Walk up to her and say hi.
It Sex=is sharing and fun but,not that important.
u need time.. so stay away from gals.. n concentrate on WORK
Rock On...uh..I mean keep saving energy.
when you get right down to it . its amazing how much abuse a woman can take.
Im not a big fan of gay people.
well It is a good habit , but it has been turned off these days.
because men have a hard time getting over losses.
SOME MEN ARE STUPID AND MAYBE they DON'T KNOW WHAT THEY WANT, SO THEY PLAY GAMES.
i Do want to just randomly go up and be like GO out with me?
it's your wedding, whatever you like.
(hey just kidding I thought I would be funny )
Don't let the idiots get you down, there really are good men out there.
i myself trying to get help . Did it work for me .
insecurity is not something you can talk him out of.
If you guys do trust each other and you're engaged...what is it going to be like when you're married?
please help me 4real... I been worried about dis for a while....
Omg, that's why I do have a single girlfriend in my life.
It It's very gross.. It is where you eat out the poop hole .
I mean come on man, you've been up here asking about girlfriends for at least 3 times.
But hey, who can they blame?
i think it means that you like that person very much . tell them you like them .
they are my brothers and we would do anything for each other.
No not until they get to be adults.
2.1) If yes then back off dude... Give respect... 3.0) Does she know you like her?
Also, I'm not sure if there's a way to about finding a soul mate.
She's 15 ... give her a break.
admit it ladies, It is what every young woman dreams of.
sounds to me , he is still in love with you and wants another chance
India is that place where you get all types of wedding traditions.
I had some neighbor guys who were gay..they were so much fun to be with!
She probably want it to be given out...K
Kick her out or move out yourself.
but it's not abnormal to envy people
I like to Smack my b**ch Up by The Prodigy :-D
is Can one try it ?
if you ever figure out the answer , let me know!
are they just saying that to be nice?
thats what I think of speed dating
A lot of fighting, jealous would be involved
Love, whenever you feel something special about somebody.
for a girl or a boy
knowing that girls do wait for the guy to tell them.
its the inconsiderate and egotistical men that could care less about anyone but themselves.
this does not seem like a real marriage.
BTW I'm still laughing at your using two hands to answer these three questions :P
I'm guessing you ask because you either shaved in that area or thinking about it
It just means you are scared of meeting new people, nice guys, etc.
Do what you think is best.
i in Japan for over 3 years.
u should have told him before he hooked up with another girl.
why not ,put tell him that
that's a bad way to get over someone.
She like to go out with you alone....
i've asked myself this question several times.
and It's hard to get back on the playing field.
Yes it still exists even today, but finding it is the tough part...K
Camiguin island man... that is sooooo damn nice.
Tools and Gadgets are always good, heck even a bottle of his favorite booze!
She either will be okay with it or she won't.
It can and will happen someday!
My ex broke up with me a year ago.. .
Did you leave out a word, like don't?
20+ just so I'll sound clean.
What do you think the guy is thinking??????
i've been dating someone for 10 months now.
cause there are plenty of gals who can help ya!
take the guys that do like you and get what you want out of them
Yes I believe in true love.
then leave the room until she cools off and comes back and talk to her.
Like a married couple but of 3?
If he's wrong , you'll know don't be like me and deny it.
you better B the bigger person and tell that person you like them B4 some 1 else.
She finally got outta dodge and moved to another state.
tell the guy to buzz off and go find himself someone else to bother.
finish college , get a nice stable job , both of you.
I say take a deep breath and go on!
Well , if he's mean to you , then why would you want to be friends with him.
Most of us like nice fat azzes
perfectly spoil the friendship if you say that in a romantic-like way
I do'n know .... gods know :D
asking yourself why you would want to hang out with a depressed person.
if he starts making rude hand gestures , then he likes you.
u have to just give it up.
be friends in the end if you can.
you will never know if she'd go out w/ you unless you try.
education Honey you never get too old to date .
The procrastinator you probably can't do much about it because a lot of men are like that.
i do think you are in love with him . That would be incest.
you will never know if she'd go out w/ you unless you try.
i do think you are in love with him . That would be incest.
Basically to tell her you are cheating on her and she wo worry about it anymore.
but you should know if love is there . Do tell her show her
do get in the middle of a fight.
I THINK GUYS LIKE GIRLS WHO ARE CONFIDENT , NOT COCKY .
its plan a day you atleast want to be friends , so he could have been all that bad...
People will either like you love, you you hate yourself or you care either way!
I working alone with a girl and I find her very attractive.
How about you marry him and see?
No You do not have to or need to quit your job .
things might change when you get out of school.know what you want!!!
get your fiance to talk to him about it too!
ofcource we need love because love is the best thing that could happen to you ......
Get a life and worry about their lives.
Try the old I know you love me, but..... line.
I luv Green Day so he would be like my cousin or something cool like that
the best thing to do is follow it heart!
fOLLOW WHAT YOU WANT TO DO , Don't FOLLOW THE CRITISISMS!
Maybe she is cheating on you.
maybe She's just better than what he ended up with.
sometimes they do and sometimes well , they just play hard to get or flirt or just being him.
if you want to be around him , then you might just like him right now.
She was like ya , I kind of figured that.
I've seen too many good men get hurt , so do subject yourself to her icy breeze...
you will know it , you will feel it .
Women loving tall men makes them feel like they are protected and it is sexy!
just kinda hint it, by hangin out with him more, taking his side in arguments, ect.
doing the deed where I should have
If he is a guy and he is alive, yep .. you guessed it .. hes cheating.
get rid of anything that reminds her of you & don't put her personal info on the web.
But, then you support your sponse anyways.
you give me a mental picture!!!
It sounds like a non - sequitur to me.
Yes for me, HE is so attractived ....
when you meet your MR.RIGHT, you'll just know!!!
But, then you support your sponse anyways.
you give me a mental picture!!!
It sounds like a non - sequitur to me.
Yes for me, HE is so attractived ....
when you meet your MR.RIGHT, you'll just know!!!
Are you looking for a nice guy, or a bad boy?
just spend time wit them... they are not gonna eat you.... don't you have sisters or cousins...
A girl should not like a guy that doesn't like them at all.
it turned out that he liked me too.
Yes , a guy and girl can be friends
The best answer is to take life 1 day at a time.
It just means you are loose.
Honey I wish I knew, because I am asking myself that same question right now!
Did you actually liked him from day one?
treasure it growing with it . That is a wonderful thing .
How do you love your friend?
I BELIEVE HE WILL; I LIVE FOR THE DAY...
Love is caring.... so on and so forth!
I need to do it more.
that Mom must be crazy . He IS my BROTHER .
then you might end up cleaning the fish.
if you know she'll come back to you wait for the time..
IT REALLY DOESN'T MATTER ABOUT THE HAIR , but I THINK SOME MEN WITH BALD HEADS ARE VERY SEXY .
go for black or navy blue boxer briefs or briefs
But if it is a play flirt or a wierd out look she has or something she probably doesn't.
`` tell `` him that r sorry n u wont do it again
Not a bar, or an online dating service... Or speed dating UGH!
asking him what you will do in your next new life that you haven't done before?
Of course , you'll need a lot of gas!
Jennifer E. Just because I love her.
:-)biting back does not mean you are a winner . move on :-)
ss Wang chig you are funny.
im usually fine once or twice a day.
Why is this in love and romance!
Do you know why she suddenly stopped liking you ?
do what you like and what you want to do.see how easy it was.
Makes watching that stuff a lot more barable.
And how they'll be related 2
I don't know what mistakes he has made.
Every time I told him of my crush, he liked the girl too.
If he is so hot, ask him to do more workouts !
Run away with your boyfriend . If necessary , You say you love him , right ???
c'mon now, you can't expect a man to not have friends on the basis that they are female.
lot of my friends think I am gay , but I do not!
If nothing else if you really like her , hopefully the two of you can be friends .
but you got to start some somewhere
the same reason women cheat on 'em.
during discussion about who others have been with this all got brought up!
He's so awesome and I THINK IT WOULD BE FUN TO HANG OUT WITH HIM.
trying and think on the bright side
If you want so , then I expect her to have more than one...
and I just don't know how to tell him.
You should try to flirt with her and see her reation to it.
Use to...but I don't give a crap what she does now...
if not good do get mixed up with those ones . Trust me.
no.. trimmed is fine.. don't mess with it too much.. it's weird looking.. it looks like your 11..
If you want to shave , then shave, If not then don't.
Or still living at home with mommy.
See, I'm shy too, so I always wait for a guy to approach me.
Is Depends if you like it fast or slow?
there are too many people out there for you to be hung up on a distant family member.
i have noticed , however, that to men , female friends are only women they haven't slept with.
men and women can go without sex pretty much the same.
But...that was years in the making.
there is a chance that they don't love you the same way.
Ask him what he thinks is going on and where he sees it going.
ONLY THE KIDS AND DRUNK PEOPLE TELL THE TRUTH...
please help me . I really like him .
well at 17.. Everything is interesting about a girl
no, he constantly complains about your ratty hair and your snoring.
They are no dummies at all!
because that would suck if you made someone like you they would want to and she doesn't.
there are a lot of things to do out there.
I like when men dress nice.
you are attracted to them or you really like them
But women want to be wooed.
no ur not you just not into that style of those girls you envy.
Hey WISE FOOL...so is that the girlfriend or the pet?
Tease him a bit... without being mean.
that may hurt you in time.
They don't realize they have a good woman until she is gone.
i don't think you want to be pregant at 17 do you
just getting married......................and have sex for free for a lifetime.
to get a woman off with your fingers Ladies what do you like
men are really bad mind readers and US chics tend to just expect men to know what to do.
do not have kids, just keep getting abortions . Trust me .
cool lol...you have a good amount of time.
She could put it nicer, or say nothing at all!
Men just think differently than women.
everything and everything if you do , tell them they will find out on their own
We're married now, so it worked!
Have sex for kids sake.
have some friends come with you.
Shorter the better, even BALD is sexy!
Finally , GO TO your PASTOR OR LOOK FOR ONE IF YOU do HAVE ANY.
but, What you should do is just be there for him as a friend.
if you're gf has moved on , so should you.
Unless you gave him some BD, no.
me 600 ( like Wilt Chamberlin )
THEY DO NOT GIVE PEOPLE A CHANCE TO LET THEM KNOW WHO THEY REALLY ARE.
first you should start just to talk with, her hanging out, just be her friend!
2_ you like the more knowledgeable , loving , laid back, NOT SO HIGH STRUNG.
i just flat out tell him...hey, I think you are hot .
i don't think it could work.
and if she does like you anymore, ask her if it's still alright to be friends.
She took it ok but then she went off on him last night.What can you do ?
sometimes they like that the girl has some control
and The fact that I've been married 3 times means that I must be looking for love.
Her name is Hillary Rodham Clinton.......good luck there Pal!
First, I'll make a confesion...am no girl.
I AM FUN TO TALK TOO OOHHYEAAHHBABBBYYYYY EMAIL IS:SEXIPOLKADOTS@YAHOO.COM
that way , the adult would be able to watch over you wherever you go.
lucky for me . I found my mom
How I break out of my rutt?
sincere Girls are usually stuck with jerks
true love when you find someone you need you and you need her
My friends & I like Steak & B.J.
I like guys with dark, medium-length hair and blue eyes.
i don't know why - I'm not a redhead.
Short on cash: Do something uber creative!
BECAUSE THERE IS ALWAYS SOMEONE BETTER OUT THERE.
it is gay like you bitch
yes ,if there are five men
it depends on your girl, or the girl you want (to get) .
GOOD LUCK AND I hope EVERYTHING WORKS OUT FOR YOU 2!
As Mom says, If you do not have trust, you do not have anything!
Hope this helps, and good luck!
you don't,but maybe you want to?
Just lay it on her easily
it may hurt a bit (so I've know but the pleasure is even better...it's real SWEET!!!!
uhmm no words can describe it . U just feel it
I now keep my crushes to self.
You have all got to be out of your mind!!!
I GIVE UP.... NO, I KNOW THE ANSWER!!!!!!!!
I like a guy who doesn't even know I exist.
He's a jerk and a loser.
I had another boyfriend and 'm sure he had another girl too.
life without love is not a life at all.
I'm a hair and eyes guy.
No No NO a girl with a flwt ass , No body like
If he didn't hate you, most likely you would like him anymore.
ask him if he likes corn cobbs in his ass
if he proves it to you every
vow to make sure she realizes what she is missing
-Love is to tell her how much I like her, how much I love her.
like everyone else said--have your partner open them..
brushing her/his teeth with your tongue
Next, If you really want to go, THEN GO!!!
Hang in there, move on, and keep looking!
sure , you have to be a little patient .
the little things count more than sex.
no I know that and I'm twelve
B) He thinks/fantasizes about you a lot.
(I REALLY DO THINK THAT WAS A GOOD QUESTION...)
Any something I guess , but make sure it is fancy .
i say go for the one who you want
do tell until ur bf tell
sure , but do expect to have a wife for very much longer!
Dude You really got some problems.
i ca see your picture too little
It wouldn't be rude to look though.
Talking on the phone for the first time after chatting online, I mean
.what can I do to get over it?
I wish he'd just 'do' me!
and not by sex or any kind of sexuality.
if you loved him at first, you will alwayslove him
Depends by what you mean by bad.
(ANYWAYS YOU ONLY DO THIS TO your LOVEONES OR GIRL , SO YOUR PRETTY SURE SHE is NOT INFECTED OR SOMETHING).
if she doesn't then look for someone else.
you got lots on your mind!
No idea......but that would make a great song title don't ya think?
I'm not a stupid woman and the guy I was with didn't always beat me.
It that It all depends, Are you that baby's daddy?
A unique question for you girls!!!!
fool me once, shame on you.
Im going to marry this man and I cant do this forever.
What about more than one photo?
cmon you need to give dis guy a break.
no I haven't (i've done it)
The men are visual; that 's simple , but I like inner beauty
4.0) Are you sure you like her or you are just impressed by her?
if you get a bigger picture , then maybe you would be , but as for now , I really ca see
unless that was what you were hoping for!
only if there was drinking, singing, and a rubber duck involved!
any kind of question that you want.
Just look for a single man with kids of his own.
If its higher, consider buying him a video game or something like that.
I agree with the curious trip , ask her, and see what happens, lol!
My spouse and I both like to have sex
Those are ur true friends... not the ones ur fighting with over a guy!
is it even possible to throw one in two and find your soul mate.
John Schneider has aged very well...i loved him The Dukes of Hazzard!
But I haven't given up and you shouldn't either!
if you were financially well off, then would that matter?
that is just the way most guys are and that really sucks
i have a titanium wedding band -- it's cheap, but looks great.
no .a guy that can wear feminine clothes and is still straight shows that he is comfortable with his sexuality
Plus, that way you can go to a later movie.
I don't pay her to talk.
4.1) Like and Lust is diff... Email me...
...a guy who dresses up all the time?
Like me, my two uncles and and my grandfather.
even The girl shouldn't mind in the first place if she really likes you.
4.1) Like and Lust is diff... Email me...
...a guy who dresses up all the time?
Like me, my two uncles and and my grandfather.
even The girl shouldn't mind in the first place if she really likes you.
when the time comes ...........................
If you want to marry , you have to see a marriage adviser and talk about it .
you shouldn't regret anything you did.
{just make it work and it will if Yall and love}
they standing on street corners at night.
He want to fuck you, so badly , but socially there is no way the hell he could
it depends on what kind of fat azz the boy has
person cheated on me with at least two other men after we were married.
everybody 's body lies , it is just easier to take advantage of when you are drunk
me I want to be your friend . Mail me harryblehnabladder@yahoo.com
WITHOUT being too flirty or looking like a s***
it really depends on what sort of grunge girl you're talking about.
neither...i think trust is the most important thing
wait until you are both 18 and have full-time jobs with benefits
'm 19 years old but I will soon be 20. I have been in a relationship for 3 years.
What the best way to get a guy to notice you?
try wearing boxers for a change.
girl , Most men and women cheat because they are not satisfied with their current relationship.
His name isn't Sean is it??
then just pkay it cool for the moment.
i mean they don't know what they want.
I am in my second marraige and it sucks.
nothing that could happen ca be overcome!
Do worry about boys until you are about 21.
But nice and slow love songs.
if he says yes , then you can ask him,Have you ever considered me more than a friend...?
(At least that is how it should be....*cough*)
His name is Phillipe and he is SOOO LOSER !
find a new girlfriend and get on with your life.
if he says yes , then you can ask him,Have you ever considered me more than a friend...?
(At least that is how it should be....*cough*)
His name is Phillipe and he is SOOO LOSER !
find a new girlfriend and get on with your life.
OK so he is my best friend boyfriend and I've known her since we were in prekay.
god blessed to be young.
id never cheat on my girl but I know a few men that would and I know their type.
you rock~ you have a lucky girl ;)
love is a waste of time.
(get out of the house) too!
if you ask this question you can't...
I didn't know I even had a girlfriend.
So yes , it's okay to read the menu; just don't do it around your partner.
YOU MAY END UP GETTING HURT AND WE DO NOT WANT THAT NOW , DO WE?
Don't try to make her realize what she's missing.
who gives a fudge just have sex with him
if She is a visual person . She likes beautiful things , e.g.
If you SMOKE, you are a BAD guy . If she SMOKES, she is a GENTLELADY.
i learned that the hard way
I think guys go for brains and beauty equally!!
asking this to urself..u'll know that..close your eyes..relax urslef ..u'll get the point
I thought you had an answer...
or I can't believe you did that!something like that , but try not to do anything bad.
come and meet me . I will give the answer
if you like each other , then stay together . They are just trying to hurt you .
I WILL SUCCEED ON whatever I WANT TO ACCOMPLISH...
Do you kick butt every time you pick up a basketball?
If a guy can take a girl out , then a girl can take a guy out.
It was Brutal , but hey, I'm alive & kicking!
a Walking in the park was my first date . I loved it .
i really don't see the problem here.
:-( So what do I do?
that means that......ummmmmmmm........... you get down on yourself 2 much!!!!
if you find her, chances are she is better off than you.
well they do like , but if the rest of her is hot,hey life is full of comprimises
wish to participate in yahoo chat w/java applet
making some friends and expand from there :)
if your friend is not worth fighting with, do date him.
u can fall in love w/ one and have it work out
seeing as most likely the picture is already seen, voice is the only thing left to imagine
hmmm...first u jst confirm whether she loves you or not?
i guess you are asking too much dude.
You could wait if the guy could respect you and your body , then screw him.
say I love very much,i not live without you
Why let him come to you?
SONGS THAT HAVE GOOD BEATS, SO YOU CAN DO IT TO THE BEAT OF THE SONG
watching the music video . I should have been cheated by Sumthin Cole and listen to what she has to say!
Eh, I don't know what to do.
Your true love is out there....find him!
Oh, kitty cat stop playing with us.
For me, a shaved guy is a huge turnoff.
i need a white lady as my wife .
talk to people let it out and read
you need to get things straightened out with them, and yourself, before you go any further with anyone.
ima take a shower but never do !
about 3 billon man on earth!
don't make babies , don't go for anything serious, serious relationships rarely work out after high school .
ask him when you are doing something you both enjoy
Fools fall into crap too.What's your point?
still, do not just do these for the reason of meeting your soulmate.
Try telling him it's personal, or that you don't like anyone, or you don't know...
AND The REST OF YOUR QUESTION IS: I NEED A SINGLE YOUNG WOMAN WHO IS 18???
Why are you so obessed with lifting men?!?
maybe you shouldn't be listening to what your friends think.
forget about the guy that does like you.
I like my boys hair with braids and waves too , because that's what I do I braid hair!!
well I do think there really is a perfect man for a certain person out there.
Do something really nice for yourself.
that would be the stupidist thing!!!
it will really hurt his ego a hell of a lot!
Don't try to understand it if you got one .
I needed one of those . Then he thinking Gawd, I hope she didnt see me staring.
I'm in love with A, but I think my friend is in love with the same girl as I.
It is all in your hands after all!
Right now I'm saving my virginity so I can give my ALL to the one God gives me!!!
tell her he is ur bro!
good boy - you did the right thing.
And When I do, she throws a big fit... What SHOULD I DO?
easy If he keeps staring at you and you can see that , then he loves you.
i HAVE BEEN TO THAT ROAD before AND YOU DON'T WANT TO TAKE IT!
If you look anything at all like your avatar, I can guarantee you that she deos!
2-5 years, depending on your age.
If you love her, then Marry her.
if you like him , you could wait for him .
Y DOES SHE NOT TRY TO GET ANY MORE FRIENDS.
i hanging out with him every day because he wants me to.
and usually with nothing to say because we talk about 5 times a day.
i don't know what you mean.
depends on what you look like and how your personality is.
He may actually be the one and you would pass him up just because he makes a good friend???
- If you see this Amber, I love you!
having sex doesnt mean you love someone.
yes, from personal experience, if it's small, it's not gonna do much at all.
You have been wishy-washy for 4 years!!!
do them because you want to.
If He has a new phone number get that too.
it dissapoints me to hearing a woman say let the man approach you.
Of Of course , your girlfriend is going to like you meeting other girls.
do you want people to know.. Are you mad about her?
asking her why she does like you anymore, for one. reason
Ok ok I straighten up... just quit telling everyone.
Don't worry, you and your sister will see your dad.
atleast give yourself some time.. best sugestion is to work..work only work.
I bet he's got the smallest penis ever.
Why am I always the one calling?
i think best for men 25 and 30 for ladies 24-28
because then its genuine and her heart is safe!
have sex during her period do need to use condoms .
i,m not gay , but buy you need to get help . If you are not a kid , you act like one.
Yeah, same thing happens to me (I'm a tomboy so I don't have any girlfriend, haha).
its really really sad :'( its hard for most people to imagine a life without love but....
it's ok to try finding someone , but be yourself doing it . Don't try to be who you are not
I wouldn't do it , but if women can wear men's shirt,sssss boxers, wifebeaters etc.. why not.
if he doesn't respond to you, Mae sure he's not cheating on you.
Being young is one thing...being immature is another.
Well I love Braids on guy.
not really because when they are shy they are probably hiding something
I actually dating a girl like that.
about your spous/bf/gf/person you like and/or love?
And it means more because you made it!
by the way.. y did you put the link to her profile??
for a booty call,im on the first plane!!!
I bet he does his little 'Ooh!
well, I have people to answer my question.
like squeezing warm mud through your toes
.....however, you are going to make your own decisions good or bad.
Just say Hey, how was your weekend?
go up to her AND ASK HER OUT!
no but you do have a lot to say about life.
I would be fine if I never saw her again.
maybe you like the way they treat you.because you 're not going to find much out here
oh yeah , talk to her about her little fits and yourself DO NOT PUSH HER AWAY OR GET MAD!
oh Ya course it is you and you only you .
How could not we are all over each other .
to me I think green eyes look hot on a girl
That guy deserves a fair chance.
I I I would like to try both at the same time .
It always fits, & it's not returnable, it's cheap, & he'll love it.
Just lean over and kiss that girl!
Alright if she suddenly got really sweaty afterwards , then she orgasmd.
maybe talking to your mom and dad . Maybe they can make friends even if they are divorced
im sure you can pull that off easily .
Have you ever feel that way?
tell the others to fuck off
For me.....I'm not gorgeous, but I'm no troll (I think)...lol.
?The same thing all guys think about DUH
i bet you get an instant smile, interest and a response from You did what was about?
First I think you need to talk to them if you already have
all men don't feel like micheal, just insecure ones
But umm... you should have found that one out BEFORE the two of you got married.
just talking to him a lot and smile ,mabey you two share interests
what style do women like the best
Oh what the hell, invite a guy over and have a monagetroi...
give him a love potion!just how Morope did to tom riddle,voldemort's mom and dad,,,,,,,,,,,, sorry, just a hp fanatic,,,,,
no handsome...u need more than just a few dates..
yup...pretty much.... if he already asked you like how you feel about me and that the time .........
have you ever talk with her father face to face on reason
Yup I did.... the only thing is....
bring your lover a coffee, or buy them chocolates on Valentines day.
So he cheats , so if you cheat , he will not feel so down.
trying to find a hobby to keep your mind busy
What is the reason that keeps you with him?
start looking for someone to date.
first , tell them , then go for the kiss if they like .
get her as a studly young Italian so you can rest
have you ever heard of grammar
well First of all , is she married?
just tell them on-line that you are not going to be able to give them your number.
If you don't like it leave him.
tell her that you like her and ask her out if you think you can just be normal.
well, you sure call me hot all the time , so why not?
Repeat after me: Dump Him, Dump Him, Dump Him.
Start asking him a lot about who he likes.
If he says No, at least you had a nice Valentine's Day and you can start looking for Mr.
you having fantiseys with them and you really , really want to go out with them
i was and had a long distant relationship
being together is what really matters, right?
So with this in mind . Dont try too hard and be yourself.
ouch please stop this hurting me
No...don't date someone who is still married.
I might chat with you, make some funny comment, but in my case, I'm just having fun.
he broke up with me the day after the dance.
it's normal , 4 guys , 2 b attracted 2 beautiful girls.
A butt is a butt everywhere
Believe me when I say it.
Just have to train him right I guess.
Your parents were supposed to tell you that earlier!
wemon love tall guys . You can cuddle up with them!!!!!
well What did he give you
PS: Build your relationship first, sex should come after you get married!
Thought I found him, but was wrong.
Just wait, he's out there somewhere.
okay... how much do you still like your ex?
except a little less blatent than that.
thats weird , but maybe I 'll talk to my friend by his locker.
it's definitely within yourself when you'll be married Duh,
asking her, she'll answer it (maybe or slap u) .
there is always e-mail, phone or snail mail etc...if you really love him , you gonna have to wait.
i used to be so nervous , my hands would shake and my voice would crack.
Her eyes , the way she walks, her calmness, her voice etc.
GO to What you CAN lose
no, if the thing between you and your boss is over, it shouldn't matter.
I like dark hair and lots of it.
narrow it down what looks you like & then say 'hi'.
he makes think a lot of you, but is not in love with you
Good Luck, I hope this helps.
im me on speedy77028@yahoo.com so that we can talk it over
if not, at least you know you tried and wo have any regrets
Ask her out for coffee or something low key.
come to the internet and see hot girls
so it's really up to you!
My husband could prob., care less.
just wait and let her cool off.
Like I say to make her feel special.
The flying cherry: 1 Plastic Cup, 1 Spoon, 1 Cherry.
good luck dude keep trying to check out rent.com
SOME PEOPLE JUST AUTOMATICALLY GIVE THEIR OPINION ABOUT OTHERS.
go with it and have fun
Well, I think you should try to go out with friends.
They just have it going on , but you do want to risk your relationship , so lay low.
We dont like baby daddy dramas and most of us dont want the responsibility of having kids.
chances are some sick A$$ petifile or a fake picture!
Even though I 'm a guy , it is easy to say.
If he been saying stuff he never said before and your surprised don't worry.
I see it this way: you know the people handing out Chick Tracts on the street?
I just feel bad that I'm upset.
OK Well FIRST OF ALL , SAYING YES TO MEET A GUY YOU were TALKING TO ONLINE IS REALLY STUPID!
and why would they need to lie?
HE MUST HAVE done SOMETHING REALLY BAD TO YOU THAT SOCKED THE HELL OUT OF YOU!
so pick and choose your battle wisely.. Good luck .
Tell her shes weird as hell.
in da very 1st pl...u Dun even wanna help Urself guy...!
Hey, you're awesome, let's be together!
If you don't her there tell her.
Get over it dude, NOBODY WANTS A WANNA BE PLAYA!!
It It's like the whole world stops and I can just relax.
No, you are not doing it right, When you do you are gonna know the difference.
Don't mess with married men, though; not worth the heartache for all concerned.
Young boys have a problem expressing real feelings (Old Boys Too!!).
Be lovable and the rest is up to her
I don't know what to tell you!
Why is it so hard for you to ask?
I have this book and I LOVE it!!!
liverwurst cuz then I wouldnt get eaten cuz everyone hates Liverwurst
he need to get over it.
Most guys I know are such jerks!
i think it may be useful
saying it doesnt mean you mean it.
I dnt call but I Chat!
common boys do try to complain about girls and animals...all girls will get mad at you!!!
Do something nice and lovely, not too girly.
Unless the boy is like 10 years old, I'd say no...
But if he just is inmature or something like that , there is always hope.
it's cheating , but yes , you could do it.
once established, ask him if he wants to go to a gay bar of some sort.
If he was scared off, his loss.
but if you are married and have a boyfriend.
I say TRISexual is the best ........be open to anything try anything once!!
Yeah if you find the right guy
Ask yourself a few questions... > > Do you like your boyfriend?
i certainly don't think so, you shouldn't either.
Then , of course, jewelry never hurts!
And NO, I am not gay.
So if you've got a dirty mind, go with that.
i went to Aucopuco Mexico and it was beautiful .
right . I like this guy, but he already has a girlfriend, I think, but I can't tell!
Porn can definitely spice your sex life up.
If it is true love , then why call them a fool?
if You really love him and he loves you .at the beginning we didn't know we were cousins .
take care, hope all works out - Scott
And girl 's secret fantasy is dominating a guy.
i hope some of this works for you!
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
i would be scared to death if he even came close to me with that face.
If you really like this guy and he really likes you make it work!
I Don't treat anyone with that kind of dis-respect !
using it... n give him something back for w/e day
if at school and you really like someone when you should kiss them
no not always it just depends on the guy.
take about her in general about what 's going on .
life is long . Do not worry!
Best of luck on your upcoming nupitals.
I think you should give it a go!
u never know if they are lying about their gender,age or anything else!
i guess they are too lazy to answer
let ur brother go and visit a doctor .
Even though I 'm a guy , I seem to have the same problem.
Simple rule - if someone wants you to like them, they'd be nice to you
also make sure he knows that you do love him.
He kept saying he was over her and didn't love her anymore, etc.
There no way , there will definitely be a major catfight!
1.1) If not , then start to befriend her... 2.0) Is this girl in a relationship?
i never thought of night terrors.
Find someone else to like ... if the guy you like hates you, why would you bother??
All is fair in love and war
Good Luck and remember the key to ANY relationship... be it friends or more is COMMUNICATION!
Just straight up and say hi.
Of course , you do mean all that.
Hope you get something out of this.
I was with this girl and we were going to get married.
aishwarya Rai from India ( former miss world 1994 )
hugging him tightly and tell him that u r sorry... ask him for forgiveness...
NO THAT BOY IS IN YOUR BLOOD
'I Kissed Dating Goodbye' is great.
wait,and if they break up you should ask her if it's alright to go out w/ him.
But I am serious about that.
so because you always seek elders.
If she loves you and you know it , then you have nothing to worry about..
when you are not sure you will hear it in return
If you know she does like him , you have nothing to worry about.
i always say actions speak louder than words.
maybe you sleep with too many girls?
NO...just be cool and get to know the individual first...there is some scary shit on the internet.
and then that night, massage her into a deep sleep.
no but keep practicing by yourself,,shhhhhhh
But they don't want to be seen wit hoes, so they run back to you.
He I'm 42 and my first hubby died, though I found the second and married him.
its got to be everything or no g at all.
This is what a soulmete is and only your soulmate can be mr, right
with the h... were you thinking that cool
HE WILL play WITH you AND HELP YOU OUT.
hope all turns out good for ya.
LET ME KNOW WHAT HAPPENS IF you DECIDE TO TAKE MY ADVICE.
sex means going to bed with someone.
be nice, jump round w/ her, flirt, compliment her,ask her how she's been.
The best thing for you is to be good friends with the guy and his older sister.
simple......Stop, I'm in too much pain.
It works for some and it does for others.
And For the Record , men aren't the only scary ones sincerely Te Ic
Ya know that old saying if its too good to be true , then it aint.
keep yourself busy and be as far away from him as possible.
Why do you even want to bring this kind of matter up tu da question board??
Nope what I actually do is make him jealous , so it 's the other way around .
Probably The best reason is that he/she does!
Hey what up... You can talk to me anytime and I love to answer questions...
you think all men have big underwear
i saying go with what you like
it's better than not going to dance with anyone at all.
I n't running around the block at all . I was just there for the beer and the fun.
Before we got married , we had more sex than we do now .
no but when you do it for the first time , it hurts
This question was asked about 100 times . Try to read and you will find the answer some where
but anyways I would not meet this person alone because they are as nice as they seem . you never know...
it depends on a few things.
Yah you can tell , but be careful . He may slap you
For both questions: For some girls who actually aren't players.
with college and work at least once a week, maybe like 3 times a week.
Not even an enemy or someone I don't really care about.
you give him special attention and you flat out tell him that he is hot .
If you do WELL in your exams, she says it's LUCK; If she does WELL, it's BRAINS.
Sadly, hes married n I'm married n .. no wait.
You don't really get to know someone well by watching a movie.
Why would you be a fool for loving?
Thats a while down the road.
maybe because they just don't have any since and don'T REALIZE WHAT THEY HAVE UNTIL they are GONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I really think it has to do w/ jealousy though.
trying to find a new girlfriend.
or probably want to get to know you since you are family
I DON'T WANT TO DO ANYTHING THAT MIGHT HURT HIM.
tell him that you like someone that you really ...Don't....like.
U would not be normal if you didn't peek.....
but I know what to look for now.
Go with your heart... or do pick any of them!!
get a friend of yours to ask if she still has a feeling for you.
Just say right out,Man, it is none of your business.
Girls dream of their perfect wedding day.
i have one since 9 months
Just say right out,Man, it is none of your business.
Girls dream of their perfect wedding day.
Yep . it is best to just tell em straight out .
just ignore the guy if nothing works.
i have one since 9 months
THEN YOU SHOULD CONTINUE TO LOVE THIS PERSON AND BE WITH HIM AS LONG AS YOU CAN.
I know I be like that.
Lady S gone , always keep it real.
Whatever you want him to do for you, Just ask.
And he definitely knows.. You're gay.
But here's a TIP..TRY TO MAKE YOUR QUESTIONS INTERESTING.
If my wife looked as trollish as his wife does , I sure as hell would be cheating!
the things he says to me.
im a guy , but it doesn't hurt . It actually feels good .
You should go up to him and talk but do force it.
weve been together for 1 year and 3 months .
u Guys still have your whole life ahead of you . You Please ruin it.
I get turned off by greasy gross men.
HE CALL ME NAME LIKE Fatgirl ,PORKCHOP etc .
Don't let her fiance get suspicious.
- so he could expect that from all the women he dates.
you can't make her like you.
No, I asked my wife to marry me on VD....
you really did what you should.
We were friends at first and it grew into more :-)
if you are not in love , it means you are a foolish love life has a different colour
honestly, I say that maybe you should give it a try.
He flirt lot , but you don't know if he really likes it or if he's just feeling horny.
you can tell him , but if he isnt interested , Yalls friend ship will change .
?so just trust your sense and heart girl.
Unfortunately, there are so many people in this world who gave it a bad name!!!
Only time will tell I guess.
at lest they wait till both of them get out of high school, but whatever use do good luck.
I felt bad about it because I didn't mean it.
Well you have to ask yourself , do you like him?
If he loved you as he said he does . He wouldn't be dating her.
so there could just be some weird reason that he wants to keep hidin' or he's just protecting you!
she says you are TROUBLESOME; If you don't, she says that you don't TRUST her.
the way she acts with you !
Basically their heads are pumped up!
TRY TO GET HER OUT TO MEET OTHER PEOPLE.
go up , grab him on the ass and give him a kiss you shy bastar#.
I want an HONEST answer from those guys who know what 'm talking about.
I think redheaded guys are sexy, especially if they have freckles too.
Now I feel like I will never find one.
but lucky for you , there are plenty of girls out there that would good luck .
What are you afraid to tell her
Good LUck , One more thing... family will be meant to protect their loved ones!
Why would you bother exploring ANYTHING with other guys that you hate?
Now I feel like I will never find one.
but lucky for you , there are plenty of girls out there that would good luck .
What are you afraid to tell her
Good LUck , One more thing... family will be meant to protect their loved ones!
Why would you bother exploring ANYTHING with other guys that you hate?
love, shopping, money, worries, kids, our looks....everything that men do
Hmmm... ever listened to the Dixie Chicks ' song, Goodbye Earl?
close your eyes and ask yourself how to heal.
Maby she thinks you don't care, and is afraid to push it.
but Now I think I am the one I want.
I'm 26 and I start to wonder if that day will come!!
As a guy, we want it ALL.
How old over 10 is not me
It's A Nice Day For A White Wedding Billy Idol
asking another question and I'll tell you my e-mail!
yes , but if he is a war veteran , it illigle.
If from the first time, then that's the way your wife is.
if so, you can provide such info on your yahoo profile.
Ok well I come from a broken home , so I have (had) trust issues too.
Men aren't necassarily stupid . It is just up to us ladies to teach them the ways.
you should make it a surprise party, and buy her a lot of clothes from holister!!!
But you Get Over It . It Just Takes Time .
please no more woodchuck crap or why is the sky blue.
it is always OK with me.
they are the ones getting a divorce , not you
won't work full time even though he has a full time job, addicted to marijuana and porn, procrastinator
And, no, men do not always go for pretty girls.
you already got the sack , do you?
the way he looks at me.
Then you're obviously NOT asking the right s!
Say to the person that you really didn't mean to write that
well, Actually, you'll just know and feel it.
He must do something nice next, and on and on until you see the REAL guy.
It might not be a good idea.
If you have to ask if it is a good idea than it is NOT A GOOD IDEA!!!!!!!
If she starts flirting back , she probably likes you.
i do not think it should bother you too much.
I worked at a jewelry store, and one that I heard was...
2 years ago , have been married for 14 years now & getting stronger.
If you have to ask if you haven't found them yet.
a cake with 35 candles on it if possible .
yes , but don't do anything which will hurt your wife.
talk 2 her and hopefully she will understand.
u must not judge a book by its cover.
do mean most women like shoes and money?
And I ask what life is with someone to share it with.
well then be with that person that you love!
It That It is easy, kill the bastard.
ha ha ha ha h a ha!
If you can't, you can only trust what he does.
i myself am very shy about approaching women to just even talk.
YOU CAN ADD THAT INFORMATION IN your PROFILE .
jus letem cummm in your mouth.
No because you are desperate and selfish .
she could have something wrong and may be afraid to tell you
we like to think about love ,clothes ,marriage,our weight,boyfriends,but Most of the time , we just worry
fate will find a way for the two of you to cross paths, . After all, you're soul mates.goodluck!
I DO BELIEVE IN TRUE LOVE.
who knowshe might like u 2.
try to be strong and try to act like you do know people say
Example: Someone says I love it!
first point out chicks and ask him what he thinks of them, if he would tag them , ya know.
SHE WILL DO IT AGAIN, AND AGAIN, AND AGAIN, AS LONG AS YOU LET HER GET AWAY WITH IT.
Or understand what the heck you're saying.
I've never heard anything about that... ...of course, I don't know what a whife is either.
no talk to your wife . Maybe she's the one having an affair?
Why in hell you like a boy that hates you??????????????
gosh...ppl these days are so shallow!
Try that and come back to me after you come back , of course!
they are not dating, but he likes her,but my (girl)friend doesn't like him back
I Funny question , but I say probably not!
If he treats you badly , then why does he deserve your love?
wera condoms when you r cheatig on him , so you do get knocked up by another man.
i don't know how long you known this guy , but just be yourself
no sum guys just dig personality
Guy likes girls that don't sound desprate and sound like they never had a real b/f
if I had that answer I could save the world .
Yes, and when I think it could help people on Yahoo!
beacause they believe that girls are stupid and that they are smarter but is not real .
how rude, I would kill him!
If it was my fiancee', Yes!
Find the people that will respect you cherish you and the choices you make!
Additionally, don't give it up too quickly or easily, The cliche is quite true..MEN WANT WHAT THEY CAN'T HAVE.
i like to have sex more than my wife does.
Because we look so damn good . Its ridiculous .
BUT I'd LIKE TO BE JUST A CLICK AWAY IF HE EVER LOOKS.
Well I flirt with the guy I like , but I do think he gets the pic
i was just wondering what was normal amount to get it on
Run her over with your car.
No you should not, you should never beg a guy.
Care for him for who and what he is.
I can't imagine living without her... Good luck ...
Im an aquarious, 5'4, and OK looking.
Why does he hate you and why do you hate those guys?
Why is it the guys job to go to you?
he should have to say it.
And then, use those words, I love you, They always work
IF IT'S SPIKED TOO , THEN THAT WOULD BE FINE!
if he does you dump him like white on rice
Girls appreciate like frank and bold guys OF LUCK!!
Do you really really like her?
WHen I used to work...it was not a hard job!
I 'm I sure it is the same for a blind person.
as sort of a warm up for a serious relationship with the focus on marriage.
So do it, use it, pratice it... make it a day to day thing that you do!
and 2nd Do I really love/like him?
if he doesnt like it move on he's a jerk.
And Fellas Can you be friends with a girl who looks hotter than a Playboy Playmate?
You shouldnt ask that type of question if you do want your feelings hurt.
You don't have to date anyone you don't want to.
you'll do what's right for you.
But by then things were just too messed up!!!
ITS NOT WORTH RUINING A FRIENDSHIP OVER A BOY BECAUSE YOU LIKE HIM.
maybe marriage would just not be my thing.
every time you think about her punching a wall .
im 15 years old and my penis and balls have shrunk.
They do not see things the same at all.
Why not have both instead, cheap, small, nice cute one and not huge.
She doesn't trust me and I don't trust her.
And what if you don't take a chance?
Whenever you find that special someone and date them for a while
I don't know what to do.
if not interested, then he is gay.
What if he decides to leave after you have a kid?
he always write back when I do email though.
AND The BEST WAY TO TEST THAT IS WITHOUT CONDOMS , BUT IT PAYS OFF.
please tell him ,he waiting for an invitation
well talk to her , not to us . She the problem
and if they start seeing a lot of things through their eyes too.
not All girls are that shallow . It is all about their image
And yes, I am over 21!!
Why do you want to do that?
at this phase of your life.. looking for a new girlfriend would be absurd!
i smile a lot with guys I tend to have a crush on.
They think you are being nice to get into their pants.
A pet , they can't cheat on you or disrespect you!
do ask that question here, you will never know what type of answer you will get.
You should move on , cause you wouldn;t want to hurt your friend.
as long as it isnt toooo.....
omg, that loser still n't get laid?
Like they stay dont get mad get even.
count your blessings and she is a keeper and take her to meet your mother!
if it feels good and then it does not matter do what you need to do
here's the real answer...( I'm a guy)...
Now I don't mean to disrespect them.
my date.com I found my boyfriend two years ago .
So cool to have it during a rennaissance fair!
He keeps bugging me about who I like.
He's your ex, its time to move on.
which is not right at all!
maybe one of your far - distance cousins for friends?
i think he likes me , but I can't tell if he is trying to give me signs or not.
And He would be my husband.
i n't try to change a man to be with him
if she flirts, talks, hugs, and suggests it
So I guess it all worked out in the long run.)
depend on if your boss is still asking for favor from you....if not you can keep your job.
it's totally OK . That's how I got one of my boyfriends
Take a drive somewhere on the beach.
in the mean time... GO GET UR MAN BACK!
going out and see if it works
TALK TO HIM ALONE, either email him, call him, write him WHATEVER , but explain to him!
you should give it some serious thought.
start kissing her neck playing with her boobs & prob you may end up pumping her ass
its old-school, but who doesnt love chocolate!
breakup with him , you get more attention that way.
i hope it works out and you get some good love
Go and just have fun with this guy like you normally do.
Be a kid and have fun.
..so many promises were exchanged and now each one of them no longer existing.. .
just talking can break the ice.
But, if you want to be a one woman man, then you can look, just don't act on it.
Why not.I would if I really liked the guy!
ask what her problem is, If he is your brother , then you should love him.
Tell him, If you do not, then you will regret it .
he and she should show up and say to the others that they love them.
is a guy being a virgin good or bad in a gurls mind?
don't do it make it a worth while relationship.not just friends with bennifits
Get up and get on with your day.
If he's not , then he might have a crush on you
there is a spoon full of kisses as ______ & _____ become mr. & mrs. picture frame seating cards.
But My friend likes shy guys.
BOYS COME AND GO , BUT FRIENDSHIP IS FOREVER
we Do know why people can be like you?
figure out which one you like best and go with him.
Where are you starting from ?
No, I did not, but I am sure lots of girls did, just take it easy . :)
to surprise you . I am 25 .
ask the chick you like, dude!
but that is not true just for you.
He doesn't help around the house, cause he works/...I stay home taking care of the baby!
Most people just don't type fast enough.
you're 55 , that'll make him 60... You guys are old enough
do worry, youll find that special one that makes you happy inside and out one day.
and you couldn't imagine anyone else being there.
'm not gay , but they aint hurting you , so leave them alone.
last longer there little timmy :)
You never had a 8 1/2 penis.
wherever ever you want.. except the room...
you can find nice ones but they charge a lot.
And I do know why you hate yourself.
Not if you want to enjoy it.
The The worst thing you could do is make everything look the same and be the same.
Maybe you like someone you are dreaming and not realize it!!!
Why would you want him to have a serious relationship right now?
The only way to really know is to ask him or find out some other way.
Not if you want to enjoy it.
The The worst thing you could do is make everything look the same and be the same.
Maybe you like someone you are dreaming and not realize it!!!
Why would you want him to have a serious relationship right now?
The only way to really know is to ask him or find out some other way.
oh yeah, tell her that she is sorry for the mishap.
Best of luck to you if the question is about you
After a few months, he finally got over her and I was right there waiting.
ummmmm hell yeah it is more then probable cause to suspect something is up
I love Mayo...wish I do but I do.
cause He is a jerk or a dumb**s
i would tell you to pray about this.
If you just want sex, then just stay away.
You don't want him to think you're interested if you're not.
Well girls flirt with guys or play hard to get.I hope that helps.
Grab a beer and just have fun!
But she is kind of like my friend now!
Depends on who you asked..the husband or wife.
Stop calling him and he might start calling you, otherwise most guys like to play hard to get...N
Does The baby deserves to have a life like the one that would be provided.
But, why don't you just ask him and find out ?
Well, I just tell him... like, hey (guy's name), I've had a crush on you for a long). time
is there anyone who would like to be an email pen pal with me ?
See of which kind she is?
if you want to burn that bridge . Yes, if not no ,
it really depends on how long ago you broke up and who did the breaking up.
Oh man..........this will not end well no matter what.
they do not have the same thinking we do.
i 'd like to save this page for the future, What can I do ?
(yes it was a sugar daddy relationship, I am half his age)should I have to quit my job?
And you see him every day?
get married for all your benefits , even the child's
WITHOUT WASTING your TIME.. Later on , you may ignore her or make up... depending on the situation!
or it's just cuz they want sex REALLY badly and can't ask you
they should like 4 who r not height!!!
Is it bad if everyone thinks we are virgins (even our friends)even though we definitely are not?
you can tell by if he tells you that he loves you and treats you like he loves you
Hi there...well, welcome to the club.
if they send a threat , tell somebody you know or call the police.
I am bet you don't even have 1 g/f
But I do agree with you that women tend to beat around the bush.
It's your wedding and hopefully you're only gonna do it once so be creative and have fun!
you don't have to say it...
It it It is an affection you share with someone but not necessarily sex - related
Why do people ask dumb questions ??????????
Guys like girls that just be themselves works for me.
Im not sure, I am thinking about that too.
Have you ever heard of the words DIVORCE and KICK HIS ASS???
Even I wouldn't want that for my man.
Don't go out with him again until you decide.
Do you really want to risk having NONE??
What if he leaves his wife, and you ruin her life.
he dribbles... he shoots... he scores... 2 points...
if you have a guy that likes your friend wait first of all does he know you like him.
Maybe you can write him a letter and maybe he'll like you . did that before
(i was a bridesmaid & had to walk down a spiral staircase).
I do not think it is weird.
Maybe you should think about that when persuading a woman to trust you with her feelings and life.
are you asking who you should go with?
if you are a girl humping a pillow , then you can feel it.
But you have to accept one thing.
It's like I don't even want to know some of my guy friends after seeing them talk like that.
:) How about a spa gift certificate?
cos they do and diamonds probably!!!
you people with dirty minds like mine!
Or don't interact (no seeing, talking, e-mails, none of that) with any of them for a few days!!
tell your friend and take from there.
Thats how it all starts .
(most girls...) If you catch a girl looking at someone a lot, they like him.
The evangelists accosting you in the mall?
i guess you can wear them on your head for waves.....
so do let them change you
I I I think that is the best
Because too many women GIVE, GIVE, GIVE.
be honest, don't lie, explain why it is over.
it can be more than 1 song
you I think it's like $50.oo all you need to do is file at the local court house.
if your brother is a cool guy , then you should be happy.
come out and tell him you are interested.
-Worst, I already had a boyfriend....
Be smart and if he asks you to meet again , tell HIM NO . This is for your own good!
P.S.you can also kill him , you know...
IT MEANS YOUR EARS ARE TOO TIGHT.
Sit down, take off the t.v.
Try for #4, it wouldn't hurt, would it?
Yes sure he can but I don't think his wife will be his wife again
My wife wants, and has changed me....Not really a good thing.
After all, isnt that what Im supposed to do?
Your life will make SOOOO much more sense
Maybe he could make you say Hee-Hee LOL
hi,i think you should know more about his life.
if he is, then the worst thing to do is to break up with him.
you sound kinda geeky-looking to be honest.
I just don't know what to do.
But do not let her run your life because of her problem.
Well I hope I helped a little bit.
Jeez, yeah, 20 years ago !
she may just be finding you irriatating.
might have a better - paying job than you.
do not worry, they love you and it will not change their love for you and your sister.
it gives you nothing but pain and heartbreak
One day I realized that , no matter what, he chose me.
At least if you ask him to do things , will he do them right?
maybe you should be interested in the older sister.
You mean like if you tripped and fell on an erect penis??
if he acts like he doesn't like you . That means he doesn't.
And don't be afraid to enjoy it by yourself!
Come on, Do you really need him to send you home?
Of course, a gurl and a guy can just be friends but do get too close.
if not the first thing to do is reassure her.
you better not I could even be a male who knows
ASK HIM NOT 2 B SO PROTECTIVE!
Don't make a big production out of it tho.
we men are usually pretty obvious
This is tearing me up, because I love the guy totally.
So what do you think he like?
to festival.. out for lunch.. to have a coffee break...or for a movie if you are brave enough
You need to pick yourself up, dust yourself off and MOVE ON!
If he is married, and still with his wife, then no, and he won't leave her for you.
yeah get your girlfriend to open them.
If he likes you and you like him . What is the problem?
I suggest you read XXX: A Woman's Right To Pornography
So go 'head and look, that's what you have eyes for.
IN A RELATIONSHIP IF YOU CAN'T TRUST THEM , THEN YOU SHOULD NOT BE WITH THEM.
personally, I like to confuse guys... I think its cute when a guy is confused!
No It's fine, a big penis is a big PAIN!
not to mention that it isnt a legal union and it is just rather weird.
So..first off , I'm a girl and my best friend is a guy, haha.
Supposedly men do have a G spot.
I would have to say... bbq sauce, you can put it on anything and it tastes good!
Guys do cheat, but not all guys.
Bottom line: don't be AFRAID to be pretty.
have a friend asking him for you
but you can see if he always looks at you
we talking for like 20 min during the day 4 .
on a moron would do that.
he/she might be happy to hear that from you.
If you 16, good, if you you 27, bad.
asking him if he has a girlfriend . If not tell him you want to go out with him.
up to you so that you can choose what to do but n't have consequences...think twice..
Not if you loved him and had a lot of happy times together.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
Because you aren't looking hard enough!
Make sure you meet somewhere in public(there are a lot of sick rapists out there)!!!
So it;s the most popular emotion of our time :))
I want to be his friend because he is a nice guy.
you don't have 2 , treat yourself Mayb you will find a beautiful girl that is right you
if that's the case, then he was just asking you on another date :P
Men love a conversation starter like Hey I had a dream about you the other night!
Robots and sociopaths do not feel love.
just be yourself, take time and don't worry about those things.
And what girl do like that.
when she or he is all alone?
give me dat ding, by the Pipkins
only if you're in a coma
no because I would be a first timer too!
there is nothing 2 impress any one , it is a prize of love . Try 2 sign in...
You will lose what you have and might not like what you get!
is is is is is is is a person that alone has frustration and depresses get married
Sorry that was mean.... 'm sure your gran thinks you are a nice guy/girl!
do Guys really want you to be yourself or do they just care about sexy and steamy types?
So excuse me for being stupid!
And I do not have a problem with them either.
Means one of three things: A) One or both of you is/are telepathic.
YOU NEED YOUR OWN LIFE . We ARE ALL INDIVIDUALS AND NEED OUR OWN SPACE AND TIME.
Because it really hurts when you feel like your man really doesn't get concerned about you
love is stronger than trust.. sad but true
talk to him, tell him you like him, and see what he says
She then asked who it was and insisted , so I told her Mike.
so I missed my chance, you should
if you think you are , I think you are too!!!
Somebody always gets hurt ... maybe you, maybe your partner, and maybe his/her wife/husband.
I don't think it's just guys.
hope you know plenty about sex day??ss
They tend to be tough on the guy...like rolling our eyes on stupid questions.
Thats pretty much how he taking it!
my Sunshine of my Life- strange Wonder
if she is a working woman , she will appreciate the royal treatment!!!
well go for it might be he is dreaming about you too
Myself was laid bare, I realized in a way I never have.
how abt I love you as a friend .
buy her a zimmer frame...slowly but surely, she should come your way
How did he ever get a wife!
do what ever feels right to you, even if that means saying no to your mom idea.
If I had time, I would be with her.
Is is Is it her or you that are losing interest
Can I HAVE HER CELL PHONE NUMBER?
Not all women like candles . I don't
i think you should go ahead & tell him.
I I I think that I 'm in true love but I not sure .
It is funny that you have to give up to win...
plai old dark jeans and a nice soft botton up if it comes before 10 after nothin!!
Then when he wakes up he wonders whats wrong!
Men cheating mostly because they want sex!
Well , the fact that I am married to him means that I must love him.
you should break up with him because before you know it , he is going to breakup with you.
Most of the time , I think about all the fu***** bills I have to pay.
I tell her how we started talking and I apologized to her.
also the last wedding I went to they did not have any favors.
I didn't find a mature guy until I met someone in their late 20s.
so check this link . and find answers for many
use gel.brush your hair a couple of times.keep it a little spiky.
I wouldn't because you're the one that looks bad in the end.
Honest,trustworthy,faithful,funny,mature-childish or spoilt guys are boring, and do forget romantic
bumping into her by accident one day!
Not worrying about what you have to say next?
I don't have any idea how to go about tracking him down, but oh man was he hot.
fuck all those people if you like him and he likes you . That is all that matters .
Back of knees, arm pits, shoulders - they also work for me!
PLEASE... LET ME WATCH AND JOIN... dont be afraid to experiment
there could be some weird reason why.
That would be stabbin your boy in the back.
Don't worry about what other people think; they don't do it very often.
and laugh it off.... and start a conversation about her smile or tell her she has great eyes!
Depends, never get the wrong clothes size for someone, They'll never forgive you, but other than that...
You girls cheat too, sometimes on great guys.
and if they do , how long do you think one would last?
to talk in this racial way . Human beings do it in the same way .
;) Trust me , this will work
nah....having it earlier is better - you get used to it quicker.
what you feel about your partner 's first answer . That you get your answer
You can't..... even if he says he does....
BUT USUALLY KARMA COMES BACK AND BITE THEM
But he is 10 years older than me:) So as long as he wants to , I want to!
I'm wondering the same thing, and to tell ya, its not lookin so hot.
so, anyway why don't you help me try to make this answer a song.
Dont u know how lucky you are that she loves you back!gees Tell her make her happy.
who's to say who's beautiful and who's not.
But he is 10 years older than me:) So as long as he wants to , I want to!
I'm wondering the same thing, and to tell ya, its not lookin so hot.
so, anyway why don't you help me try to make this answer a song.
Dont u know how lucky you are that she loves you back!gees Tell her make her happy.
who's to say who's beautiful and who's not.
What I think is sexy , is a great smile.
Pick the one that best suits your life.
(assuming it wasn't paid up front, then you're screwed, or not, you know what I mean, LOL)
I feel ready , but I 'm worried about the kids even though they just adore him.
its very hard to trust anyone no matter what.
and At night it is a long ass conversation mostly dead aur.
anger and fix it . Anger consumes you!
if their short they seem more like little kid cute than boyfriend hot
because women don't understand that most of us can't read our minds
age , do have a limit on how to find love . . Love is everywhere , You will give it time .
its already been a year... .. Shes moved on a couple of times, 'm still in square 1.. .
no, but there are people out there that would make very good partners for you though.
do by dating older women or younger
turn on or turn off to a girl?
its already been a year... .. Shes moved on a couple of times, 'm still in square 1.. .
no, but there are people out there that would make very good partners for you though.
do by dating older women or younger
turn on or turn off to a girl?
And I do *NOT* like aggressive love making.
It it It takes a lot more than just that to like a girl... looks yummy
Because he is your cousin and cousins do TALK on IM 2.
trumpet voluntary ode to joy . Here comes the bride
What kind of question is that, lol!!
maybe, just maybe there is a woman out there whose mission is not to fry a guy!.
well you should..just avoid them if you can!and react normal..like you act with sis_in_laws.it works you know!
if she is prejudiced, then you do deserve her anyway...
I believe the saying I live by is I love god, it's just his fan club I can't stand.
if she's a beatch - well... good luck.
actions....they can't be faked as easily as words
the It really depends on the girl and the guy.
sex is a great girl,...trust me, there is nothing like it.
never pooping in your own back yard!
What do you think about girls taking their boyfriends out on a date?
It seems that he likes me!!!!!!
Count to ten and think That is my man.
waht your potray is what they expect.- 2 steps ahed.
'm BORED , BUT FIRST TELL ME HOW OLD you are .
women cheat because they arent emotinally satisfied.
you should get a good atty.
you sound like a sweetheart..i ca imagine you have trouble getting people to talk..
It's just most straight guys don't want anybody going there (myself included).
You have to like it , but you do it because you are in love.
walk up and start a conversation.
i like girls, I have never been in a gay relationship!
It's dumb, if you would ask me.
hell yea I believe in it.thats the best friendship you can have...lol
for meeh I like my guy to be taller than him there taller than I am fine....am about 5'1....lol...
Don't do it again unless you want to wind up dead in a dumpster!
he can have a friend that is a girl, but no girlfriends, that is definitely a violation of marriage .
Try turning the TV off...do something nice for someone...one way to be happy is to help others.
If he's just getting out of a marriage, I'd say NO ...
... because he focuses on the package and not what's in it.
and being love is like, you have gone through so many relationships.
There There is a Lot's of stuff you can come up with.
she told me she liked me.
deepends on how long you guys have been dating for ?
and how do you like/dislike it?
He brings her to the beach and they watch the sky writer spell out his proposal.
Plus his voice is creepy too.
Jk but it could have been.
To thy own self be true!
My response to that statement would be if it was good or bad!
hmmm what do you put in the details section???
I love thier eyes, I sometimes feel like I can see their soul.
Put a loaded gun to both of your heads and just do it.
its not the group of men that cheat.
fool me twice, shame on me.
So if I could make anyone my love slave , it would be him !!
well, did he confront you about it?
To him I don't do much..I'm expecting another baby.
first you learn how to spell
I know it has to be hard on her and I feel for her.
men would never admit to cheating, they don't think that way.
My mom met some guy on the net and she went to meet him.
bored to see this question again!!!
I think you get a better response
if it's just sex , just tell him and perhaps he'll agree good luck .
ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDER THAN LOVE IN ALMOST ALL CASES , SO TAKE ACTION AND SHOW IT.
you should tell her in a nice way about herself and maybe she will try to change
When you ask him, What is it you love about me, What does he answer?
the It really depends on who the guy is and what they like.
all I got to say is... go shopping!
Like the last post . I read it's like a virus.
you girls have to understand that it is in our nature to cheat
any song that suits you and your grrom.
i think its alright to lie a little bit...;)
NO BUT YEAH, IF YOU ca WORK IT you SCREWED whether you 2 OR 9 INCHES.
I wanted to go out with me to the school dance
be confident that is the key, and do ask women because they do even know what they love
i thought pantyhose r 4 gurls.
just getting laid loosened up in 2006 , not that big of a deal anymore.
be brave and wise... good luck!
I just got a new boyfriend and I don't want to mess it up!
my second time , it started to feel a lot better.
Nope but I 'm close ...... November 1
Umm, why exactly are you on birth control at the age of 16?
Girl, I would drop his a** so fast it is not even fun
THATS HOW KIDS GET MIXED UP ON THIS COMPUTER . Be CAREFUL .
and the rest are called b***s. and some of them just do it for the hell of it.
Court the one you like ...
if they have or when they blossom , they have orgasm's
its really fun and I HATE chatting its stupid f.y.i.
Hook Up is what you want it to be!
sure, You do have to follow the crowd
love is a 90 mph fast ball and you just have to catch yours.
but I had a gf who cheated on me.
I told this friend of mine I broke up w/ my boyfriend.
NO Do I think 'm rambling?
Well you re 40 and it is supposed to be hard to find a lady by that age!
Good Luck & Congrats Cassie Juliet_cs@yahoo.com
but I'm not very good at giving people advice, so good luck.
i'm 16 years old, maybe too young for you.
1on1 girl If he does love you let him go .
Sorry it is true he does like you .
The The best age for a guy is 15 . The best age for a girl is 17 .
U should have gone lookin' 4 1s earlier!
Plus, they're just so damn sexy.
Ever see How to lose a guy in 10 days?
What if, When you find someone then, your kids don't take a liking to her?
If you have a good life with your wife , then do lie because liers get busted that way.
it will hurt if he does it right and you may bleed a little
i have a class with him and he n't even look at me, its like I 'm not there.
do let this man hurt you like I let him do
Or do you not know what to say to start the convo?
Why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free?
And Then I noticed I was the only person doing this.(!)
well at 8.5 I must be huge then, good luck buddy
She probably taking up offense for her sister.
If you want women to feel comfortable with you treat them like a friend.
you Pointblank ask him if there is a chance of you two becoming more than friends.
Sorry , I know this didn't help much...
lurn 2 spel two Mayk setants then b are
no it IF it is with the right person!!
I guess one day we are all going to find out!!
she ca walk and can only drag.
I HAVE forgiven my boyfriend for actually cheating.
My wife DOES NOT control me......uh, oh, gotta run, I think I hear her comming........
so 'll just say go with answers one and two
AGE n't buy A NUMBER........
well , just aplogize and tel him you miss him and you made a big mistake
No matter who you date, they will never be good enough for mommy and daddy.
I DON'T REALLY LIKE THEM BIG.
and remember the first time always hurts (ouch)
I went with him and it took like, five hours to get help.
asking her out and making a movie
I have to, but she could be dressed in a snow suit and still .........
Looks as if he's not ready to be with 1 woman just yet.
just let him come to you.
So please hold off on having sex!!
Can't say anything bad about it, that's for sure.
If you DO meet, then she is no longer your ONLINE girlfriend
It's 2006, you don't have to anymore ~*laughs*~
it is very cute, but in a shy kind of way.
Its a guy thing.... you wouldn't understand.
any way you look at it, they're still just two people dating.
'm a gurl in the same situation .
then, that's when he pops the big question.
See for yourself what type of person he is, listening to other people is not always good.
he respects me & when I`m not comfortable in any situation , he stops.
If will pay off at the end
the one that is suitable for him and loves him.
It was like o there she is go get him no that a nun , never mind.
if she is gonna start dating your friend again, just act like you even know her.
Nope but I 'm close to April 18th
I am a woman and I do cheat with a married man.
sending a letter and a picture.....send surprises send
Well you have to,if your heart is saying that you have to ask him out , so do it,don't get late.
as far as work , the female works most of the time , so be fair a man can do it .
love could always turn to friends .
I like this guy , but I 'm not sure if he is gay.
But I don't know why , but I just don't like her as much as she likes me.
he is 18 and she is 16 . It would be different if he was older than that .
If you get slapped , forget I said that and go to step two.
Remember the slogan, Just say no.
you'll probably never see him again anyway!!
have a criteria you want in a guy.
i No how you feel . mine works 12 hr.
The Candy is dandy, but liquer is quicker
Baby girl, if you really want respect; don't give it away........ b'cos if you do then you've lost everything.
But once you do have sex, it's gonna hurt.
so.. 'm sure that was unhelpful, but it unfortunately true.
Ask her about her family and career.
Just because a thing is possible or even sounds right, doesn't mean it should be done.
now , the real question is why are you asking?
Im not really sure but I can give you some tips; 1.)
thats how big you have to make up 4 .
Or any other furniture like it?
Nope You just have to give her time.
Hubby & I got married in the Napa Valley.
Then we went to his dad's house and watched Napolean Dynamite again and had tacos.
i am 14 so do you have an Orlando blooms phone number??
He used to like me, he would call me a lot.
i love curvaceous figures, nice decent rack, looong smooth legs and a tight neat heart - shaped butt.
while sitting thousands of miles away?
make sure it is mutrual and not one sided.
Love and Lust both lead to sex... but only TRUE Love leads to marriage , then sex
Yes that really wrong people get hurt like that . You should be ashamed to ask that question!!!!
i know it is hard .
Like I said, everyone has their own views... and I know about human sexuality :o)
You... wearing something edible and sexy!
Hi I know this is maily for girls , I guess?
if he insists, then break up with him
yep, guys are really strange like that...
(And if she comes up with any other answer, just tell her no!)
do you get your love from any other country?
You'd be a nutcase to NOT want to be better.
I think you would make anyone happy!
if she really wants you , then it's not matter if you are overweight or not......
or does it matter..keep in mind I would be a very good catch and a great hubby
now , my guy friend and I have been spending more time together and we really like each other
That's teetering on the edge of incest, Dude... ya might want to stop that.
tickle her the senastional parts and enough foreplay
ive been asking all my friends , but they are trying their best
Do you wanna have sex with him?
if you want to give it a shot, then go.
Don't do it unless you want to feel used.
Be choosy and you will find it!
well, read this and then decide.
Couldn't find anything on the net....any info?
well you are not going too fast.
I with a dout , I am straight .
So all that time, sex was a disappointment and I didnt know why it was so great!
someone I love...most people find it easy to love me...why not?
If all the girls are saying he is a jerk, he probably is.
nothing can keep you away from true love
yes...especially if you have open sores in the mouth area.
It's amazing...it's like looking into a wee thumbnail cartoon mirror!
It's impossible to put back together again and it is just too much!
he was at one time, about ten years ago, now he is just....not
BTW, you answered my gothic question...e-mail me, moojastar13@yahoo.com Byez!
he He r in love
he has disrespected you completely , that should make him poop on your shoe !
Blue 'cause its my favourite colour
hoochie mamma marries loser.....what a model marriage.
Girls want a confident guy , just like guys want a confident girl.
If you guys are meant to be, then YES...
cause they think theyre better than gurls are
There is a such thing though....I just had a baby, don't touch me!
and no 've never been left bc of my sexual past!
a nice model wrist watch
i've always wanted to be rich and have lots of ***.
They do care and your involved with the wrong guy!
And They have an eight - year old son together.
in my experience,,, if you have something in the front,,, your gonna take it in the rear.
It is YOUR wedding and you invite only the people you want to!
First of all , how do you really feel about this lady?
There's no way to fix something like this.
yeah beacause maybe she is n't ready yet and later on she will
OK, First off, only women can tell you that answer.
Who did he cheat on you with and why?
you will know when it's right
go for it before he is gone .
My Hubby offered his heart and I took it!
So do I find a woman to fill the part?
Kid with her , then walk away.
IF NOT, THEN YOU HAVE A LOT OF THINKING TO DO!
yes, unless there is an attraction
If he is not pushing you to have sex, then don't.
there are many different things for the two of you to try to spice things up a bit!
they r all jus hoes and r not r a decent beautiful woman!
just be like are you PMSing(if it 's a grl)
So far , I have even had trouble saying anything at all when she is around.
but yeah anyways I dont do that because I do want to make the same mistake.
Get over it, and move on.
you might be looking because you are curious about everyone , so do worry about it.
It shouldn't take too long if you know what you are doing
but even they have a soft spot.
I guess to hide their past.
This is also what I tell my girlfriends...really, man and woman are very similar.
It Is not worth it to try again.
oh No will she like me.
I that I 'm afraid, get used to it . I had to
we're everywhere, but I'm in Los Angeles
So, when you talk to him.....try to put your heart aside and use your head!
he's old enough to be your father!!!
My guy feels the same way . I hate it .
theres no way you can fallin love with someone who you know nothing about.
if you do like him, and you do want to date him , then the answer is no.
yes, wanna come over for supper?
Some one who I can talk to open minded!
The rest of your life will be ruined!
She with some of them.
i did not know what to say because I thought stalker.
WHateer you do, DON'T sneak around with the guy.
If he's your best guyfriend and he has a life other than you = *girlfriend*, don't make problems!
Marriage is security, Why r insecure?
I don't know, but if I ever find this stupid woodchuck I am gonna kick its @$$!!!!!
there are always exceptions, but personality for me
you may be bi....... how old are you?
acting like you don't want him.
and She gotta be dead gorgeous.
Um.... yes, I think that 's why your name is crazy chic.
If she isn't hot enough for his friends to meet her, he definitely isn't going to marry her!
Oh ..see that must be what it is..I have too many wants.
If the kids are truly the only reason why you are still with that person.... RUN LIKE HELL!!!!
yes there are, maybe you are just too demanding and unrealistic.
but it kind of depends if you bleed when your cherry pops.
a lady in the street and a freak in bed.
Smile no matter what you do.
I think they just do it to piss us off, and it works!
unless you have also had an affair with a married man.
And whatever you do, DON'T use a pump.
just be there for the child(ren)
but it is a little bit of a turn on if he's secretive and likes to try new thing's.sssss
she try to confrot me and just make me feel good
find out what is going on..dont get mad at the girl..get mad at him..unless the chick already knew about you
It's just natural that they are annoying and stuff, they really can't help it.
I playing with that cat, He didn't know any tunes, man!
Man You are wrong,,you want to win that from her which she doesnt have,,
Anyhoo...I doubt you'll be able to do much to get her to leave the guy.
I THINK AS LONG AS you are HONEST WITH YOUR PARTNER , THEN THERE should BE A PROBLEM .
**Don't rely on your friends to convey the message that you like her.
Why do you e-mail me to find out if badcoptiger@yahoo.com hit me up
I love ya both, and this is so hard to see.
commandents as well do drop to his level .
haha...email me foxie_chick_1@yahoo.com who kno's..what could happen...lol ~*becca*~
and If you just met her, just take it slow.
BELEIVE IT OR NOT , I HAD AN UNCLE THAT DIED OF A BROKEN HEART .
If he does shower , a girl might smell him and think he is gross.
believe it or not, there are bbw(big beautiful women) clubs, chats, etc.
you learn very hard lessons if you are a trusting open guy.
picking them both fun for you .
What if debt comes up . How you gonna work that out with p****?
hey How many 26 - year old virgins do you know??
love to be a friend, hit me up via email or messenger santodomingo@yahoo.com
if so does it turn them on.
they were the ones who cheated and shit.
be kind to yourself and hang in there, It will hurt less and get better.
Not enough info to go on.
if he doesnt even want to try long distance...this may not work out in the long run.
wat clues you should I look for.
SO IT DOESN'T MATTER AS LONG AS YOU LOVE HIM!!!
imagine One day you bump into the guys who banged her badly whilst you holding her hand!
how old , and just Friends are not like partners
You want to waste something that special on someone you aren't even seeing, anymore??
THATS WHY MY NAME IS WHAT IT IS.BTW Cheri IS A GIRL THAT KNOWS WHAT UP.
(I'm going to 2 weddings this year.
i dunno.. but she's your mom..
so I do think it means either one , but everyone uses slang differently than everyone else.
6 packs are sexier , 8 packs make you look like a fruit lol!
id have to go with fizixx
Something like, That's a huge purse!
o sorry 'm suppose 2 b have given you advice
its the best way I think!
without any more info , it would be hard to go any further than that .
Let me know when you find it pal.
lol They want hips to grabbing, b@@bs for squeezing...
How I know you could live in tenessee for all I know .
i blew an auditon because I was too nervous
If he crawls back; move on.
I found my friend on that website and it free hope it works for you .
DO I HAVE A CURSE ON ME ARE WHAT?
hair does not matter , at least not to me.
i would if they gave him .
u are gay and a a**whole weirdo.
I like it when a guy can smile and feel confident about it...smiles are great :)
well lets see are you looking
Most guys would say looks, but I think that is WAY STUPID!!
WE WERE MARRIED 13 years , 10 GREAT ONES . THREE NOT SO.
Hope that helps you out a little.
OH MY GOSH have you stoned your child for disobediance today?
I agree with Amber ... Wow second time in a row I've agreed with her
u feel you can fly above the clouds.
ya it 's cool that you put your friends ' happiness first ^_^
so why not more than one wife at a time.
But in my opinion, you did everything in the right way girl!
i would honestly think that the man was a pervert.
26 is old enough to lose your virginity and sex is a GREAT experience .
I WOULDN'T DATE MID EASTERN GUYS.
I see nothing wrong with it!
it hurts some girls, and sometimes it doesn't.
hey hun E mail me at babygurlmuchlove@yahoo.com!!!
One date didn't cut it for me!
It It is only too long if YOU think it is too long.
Tell her to dump him and run away as fast as possible.
just say no,say maybe next time
If he is allowed to move on then why can't you?
man Krazy I do want to jurk back.
Some guys like it , others don't.
but We talked about it.
BUT Hey IF YOU LIKE THE SAME GENDER as YOU. do
men are just so sex obsesed, they think women are too... no worries, and good luck!
Especially when that guy found what he's looking for : a girl to that other girl.
TALK TO HIM AND MAYBE HE WILL CHANGE!
youcan kiss on the cheek but that is it .
Dump him, there are lots of guys who you could kick it with.
and plus you should have told him.
No It not mean to say no to someone.
a girl that is 24/7 available for him.
Are you sure hes not just after your body because you are young looking?
people can fall in love at any age , right?
i don't think it is a good idea....
well Kami I know this girl who is from Germany if you a girl .
I Need Love by LL Cool J, 21 Questions by 50 Cent,s I Need a Girl By P.
i think it 's all about eye contact and when they look at you , it a way
Wait til you are money wise ready.
Love is a feeling , Sex is an action
it releases the blood that built up in your skin.
What kind of sensitive are you talking about?
you got an express ticket to hell.
(just kiding), that girl is your girl . Just go and take her!
Im not sure what to do
MORE MONTHS(FOUR TIMES YESTERDAY) SOME LESS ONCE IN December
but of course, remember cuts, bacteria, viruses can go right in it....and there yah go...STD!!!
Ok wait heres another one go get her.
tell both of them that you made an accident and see their reaction but do it separatly
Is THIS SUPPOSE TO BE FUN?
give him time to digest that info, It is a lot to comprehend, he should come around...DO NOT PRESSURE HIM!!!
I I always wondered about this one.
Obviously there are no guarantees; even waiting until marriage doesn't mean happily ever after.
SISTER .. not her girl .. then why would a girl be jealous of her?
It masturbating is normal , not doing is not normal .
well their is on the way they talk
tell him, if you really like him.
(Unless they pick the person) Second, don't focus so much on love.
AND THAT IN 5 YEARS , I HAVEN'T GONE A DAY WITHOUT THINKING OF HER.
well , just b/c personality is on top of the list doesnt mean we do consider looks at all.
: ) It works with my own three children.
no not really, but it kinda sounds gay , like a life partner or something
Unless you don't want a relationship.
Most girls in preteens and teens have feelings like that.
It was beautiful and I didn't have to spend a lot of money on flowers because they were already there.
So then I have to wait to reply.
i'd lie if I looked 4 fun coz I don't know if she is telling the truth either.
oh yah I do have 2 girlfriends
I do think 4-6 are reasonable good...too many may make it look like a mobile phone keypad :)
young women date older guys a lot .
(because he may already have them)
Joe asks about the ex's current boyfriend, The ex says he is a great guy , just not available right there.
Then he gets mad at me for moving on.
Send me a message and I'll flirt with you ;)
Good luck, I hope this gets you started!
Just using things that make you happy at your wedding.
you can do that by taking the first step, I mean by asking her out.
If you know a girl like that, don't try to push her romantically.
asking questions that don't tell people that you might be pvrtd
I did not love the guy.
Just make that week all about her.
He loves me a lot or so he claims and wants me to still be around.
go to the movies and see Stay Alive
i love my bf but my parents don't believe me HELP Any answers will be accepted
u can definitely get such a man.
I teaching him a new word for himself too.......k*nky!!!!
penis pumps do use it all the time .
TELL HIM YOU VOTED FOR BUSH.
WE'RE KNOWN AS 'GROWERS NOT SHOWERS.
When a guy picks his nose or has dirty fingernails... my 2 BIGGEST turnoffs!
Just some , but I prefer girls with some meat on them.
yeah..kinda..i have blonde hair that's down to my shoulders and I have side bangs.
it didnt hurt really badly for me.
smash the computer and kicking his butt to the curb.
and the second day , she said something a little stupid and I told her: you are so stupid!
There is this guy I like, who doesn't answer my e-mails or anything!
My guess is you like both of them.
in fact, I didn't really give you any advice come to think of it.......
Give her her space and do what she wants
do what is in your heart.
stand outside and shout 'I want an email address...now!!!'
but before that big commitment , I have to experiment with my choices.
I've always wondered and most men are concerned about size.I want the truth!
I moved on and is very happy now with my new family!
i could type for hours but have to go and do some work!
My love is not for sale...
dbl wahmy..as a female would that be something that would turn you off?
He claims if he was prowling that he would dump me first b/c he could deal with 2 girls.
But once that person loses your trust, then don't trust 'em any more.
tell him , You're a lesbian and you dig girls.
certainly not, their baby is the fruit of their labor of love
it makes it more affective that way.
Don't bother with all this stuff until you are twenty five.
Different strokes for different folks, they say!
first and foremost ... DID THE PARENTS WARN you OR SOMETHING ?
13 I don gave it to her law
love does come fast or slow.
lost my number,can I get yours!
I would want her happy.
all kinda ways to get creative . Just make sure it is cool with her first ;))
and this is exactly why I do recommend sex outside for marriage.
lol keep him dangling for a while....weeks!
BUT SHE does HAVE THE GUMPTIOPN TO MAKE ME UNTIRED ENOUGH to HAVE IT.
Hey if you want to stay close to them as a friend , do it.
yES, I WOULD BE WORRIED.
Kissing her neck is a little too friendly.
Its too bad that you got to beg.
If YOU'RE NOT IN A RELATIONSHIP , THERE'S NOTHING WRONG W/ EXPLORING ALL OPTIONS.
If you decide to give him a second chance...get a pre-nup that specificly states...if he cheats...you get everything!
only if you learn to spell
Yeah, it's a really sad story though.
I don't believe that most women really say that.
Maybe think about what turns you on!
There There , There are men out there who like larger women.
No it wasn't wrong . give him credit . Ed Mcmahon once said you can't win if you don't enter
i'd say first get really close give him sighns.
I don't think I can live anymore.
yes, because in the bible , premaritail sex is bad!
Why don't you just try to be patient?
At that age , my hubby didn't have much of a sex drive either...it does happen...
i do know how much it costs.
make sure you love her and then just go for it...remember...women like romance!
Because if you say the wrong thing , then you do not feel that way about them.
What turns us off is when they think they can have any girl they want, It bugs so much!
Her love and affections should be forever cherrished and saved for one man 's life!
Obviously She's a lucky girl to have a man who actually cares about Her happiness with them.
Change your phone number..that'll stop him for sure...
I think for most men its during.
Concentrate on all the things that bring you joy - NOT HIM.
I left her; being with a jealous person is no way to live
My fiancee came home one day and told me that he had cheated on me a week ago.
OK stop leaving rude comments on my questions.
its 3 nice heart , nice body , nice thinking
but thatz just me , other females have their own feelings and thoughts were all difficult .
shew is blind, they arent soul mates; he is a liar and a cheater.
Thank God she does too, it means she loves you!
you know what, if she's shallow enough to be concerned with stuff like that , then who needs her.
If that 's what you asking, then yes , It is very normal
Is there any advice on this?...
r you are not happy with a distant companion or that does not seem to be enough.
that is the best advice I can give you.
he dribbles... he shoots... he scores... 2 points...
Wait a minute, what's the hurry!
IT WOULD BE BETTER IF you LIVE SEPARATELY FROM your IN-LAWS IF IT IS AFFORDABLE .
AND IF you are THERE BECAUSE OF LOVE , THEN GET SOME COUNSULING .AND WORK IT OUT .
I would do anything she like!
So WHY DO YOU MEN CHEAT??
all I look for in a guy is a partnership.
He has a girl, I have a boyfriend.
say goodbye and mean it..you deserve better.
i think that he should just ask unless he knows what in2.
writing that song by Toni Baxton:he WASN'T MAN ENOUGH . I agree with you!!!!!!!
YOU'RE JUST TRYING TO FIND YOURSELF.
But I was so stupid and told him to stop calling me, so he did.
I think I see why she broke up with you......
I don't care if she is stupid or vein as long as she's hot , I'm happy.
There there There are always nice girls there.
Some want a dork the size of a fire hose and some don't.
1. You should have given him the rejection hotline!!
If other people do like it then look the other way!
not just by getting a blow job.
Well... first it depends on if you are trying to be serious now or wait til later.
but I'd probably never really wear the glasses..they are cute though.
go read it and find out
I want him so badly I can taste it.
I waited 4 years while my sister , on the other hand , waited 9 months .
Who likes anyone who is not real?
i love my bf and I know he loves me.
Is it something that you are not doing?
Yes I wud buh depends where he moves to go...
start by pulling your head back and ending it with a regular kiss . It closes the deal .
What would the perfect guy be like?
were the guys in school who did get all the girls .
My boyfriend uses primatene mist,an OTC inhaler . I hope this helps:)
Do Do Do you know anybody he knows?
I 'm not blond and every boy is like Luv wit me
i don't think race should matter.
well, have you talked to him about it?
and why would she want a man that cheated on his wife.
I want to remain friends with both of you.
and We are as much in love now as we were 17 years ago...
make her feel like she is the sexiest woman alive... candle light!
The woman I would spend the rest of my life with.
Don't be foolish to sell yourself cheap & sleep around, too.
not too fat , not too thin!
GOD WANTS LOVE TO BE FOR men AND WOMEN ONLY.
i like to spoil my man.
Sometimes, honesty is best........dont wait....tell her you were waiting.
U must be ugly to advertise here .
She is his Sister .. Excuse me ..
i know how painful it can be.
Too Many women seem to hate to see their husbands or boyfriends get close to their sisters.
if I were you , I'd be really worried.
If you have to ask , you have bigger problems than finding a lady friend.
me too . I go one day and need it .
NO.... NOT INLESS SHE IS really CLOSE TO YOUR FAMILY.
hmmmm average for some but not for others.
HE SHOULD NOT BE FLIRTING WITH ANYONE BUT YOU!
I mean almost as cute as me .
I DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU HEARD ABOUT HIM , BUT HE IS A P-I-M-P....
And He likes this girl, and doesn't want it to be a hit and run.
and This is the true truth.
every day around her . I feel like she is eye'ing me and sneaking in cheap touches.
But it depends if you believe in love at first sight?
if your husband is yes . That is not fair .
some girls do and some do though.
My new boyfriend has just got a female roommate and I don't like it.
Well your first mistake was allowing him to have sex with you even though you are n't together anymore.
ithink girls do it because she wants to be a big girl and not with a young boy.
well, you kind of answered your own question!
THEY ARE NOT THAT IMPORTANT TO A LOT OF GUYS.
If so , then did you get to know someone there??
just take it as it comes.
just always think about the consequences you will face after!
What kind of questions can I ask.
then you have girls that try and warp guys to do what they want.
yea It hurts cuz were tight but it also feels good.
I 'm a guy, so I I assume I I got a pretty good idea.
I just don't know what to do.
ARE YOU BUYING (GIVING HIM MONEY) HIS LOVE?
stay with your husband . If you leave him , you might leave the other
You cannot make a man ask you to marry him!!
How about you keep having sex with him and saying I love you?Maybe that'll work?
but I do know what to say.I do really like him.
If you live your life worrying about what she or anyone else thinks, you wo be happy.
When you get back (dont drink and drive)have great sex with her and tell her how much you love her.
if There is a struggle , then try counciling.
SO I just smiled and then frowned again and walked away.
Of course , it's up to you!
The lesson here is: KEEP YOUR DAMN NOSE OUT OF OTHER PEOPLE'S MARRIAGES.
so why do you think that is.
Brown, It looks like coffee with cream in it, or Green
NEXT TIME , MAKE HIM SWEAR ON HIS OWN LIFE!
guys want girls with looks and a hot body.
Maybe ur looking in the wrong places.
he will make like a porn star and pull out!
but again , if this is what the two of you decide on , then it is right for you.
in you become selfish?
to be a flirt , you have to flirt first.
Well...i have a friend...and he just exactly what I love!
it depends on what he likes
If there was no bad , there would be no good.
don't do it, cuz you might break up with her, and she might n't be your love.
First of all , I want to assure you that God will not get offended.
if you feel that it isn't right , then don't try to find excuses to do it.
HE JUST STUPID AND it SOUNDS LIKE HE USED YOU.
'm not right but I understand!!!
put your ad on the personals....it really works
iam five and 5 9inches tall, so she should be just a half inch shorter.
and now I miss him a lot and want him back.
Ever meet that guy who only dates girls with over DD cups?
I think that guy just thought you were pretty, or something.
he might not think so, though and is looking for some other.
be a flirt but not too much and where your hair down just looks cute and available
just take your time to give him the best answer .
Ok I got this from a friend.
please do everyone a favor- don't have any kids....you need to access why you are even married??
no need for you to think too much about what you have to do.
Maybe later she wants guys if she wants or maybe not, but she still still does that anyway!
so yea hit me up at da address I just gave!
i need a good scary movie for a date with a beautiful woman.
he said nothing , so I took it as a yes.
just tell him to call you after school so that you can talk about it.
What if she does like me?
If you're straight, gay, or bi, it's up to you.
Well I feel nowadays it is not as big of a deal.
I totally agree with you, I'm so tired of seeing those questions on here!
u guys were still sharing that bond even after you broke up.
JUST TALK 2 Her Then ONCE you START talking whether SHE WANTS 2 GO OUT
I met a nice guy through a friend.
BESIDES, YOU HAVE NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT..YOUR A BIT BELOW AVERAGE IN SIZE.
It sounds like you 're already doing it!
girl you are so right . I am confused about this guy at school!
i jack off a lot . Does it harm the chances of having a baby
i can't associate with anyone without him having issues.
it's keeping it, when she realizes how stupid she could've just been.
P Diddy I'll Be Missing You
'm GUESSING you WERE GROWING UP WITHOUT your FATHER.
Sh!t I just say I had sex with the guy.
Sweetie, I don't really know what to tell you.
you know why the bride smiles as she walks down the aisle, don't you?
If you have to lie, then it is not worth going.
but remember if your friends don't like him, there might be a good reason behind it.
feel the beauty of rain,streets, winds etc.
if you really like him, go for it!
beutiful body, good eyes,face,slim but hot body, some naughty movements
i got so upset . I left and have been back since.it has been 2 weeks.
do ever ask him questions that can not be given a satisfactory answer , like... Am I fat?
If she is a good girl, she will wait until her wedding day!
screw it....go gays all the way
hell no it's just not a good way to start your life.
The either The way , is coo , but an aggressive female is a good thang.
depends on who you're trying to screw
how do you feel about it?
i think your dream is just discouraging you.follow your feelings!
Who better to ask then a truman?
it really depends on the guy - what kind of a person he is is nice, est.
I like girls some in between.
Don't get me wrong . I do love to suck on the breast.
if it hurt you , you should let him know.
well as an old fashioned male.
it depends some blonds do not attrive , but not because of the hair.
both Her legs have polio attack.
If not, then I 'm sure there are other reasons that they have.
Also my brother always says I'm lying but I'm not.
Think..Ding-Dong... no one wants someone boring.
or if you did then that would force you to get married!!!
I tell the guy how I felt...and to my surprise...he felt the same way!
then you are dating him for the wrong reason.
Don't you know any women who can do that?
that part about you marrying to be faithfull to your husband is a whole load of crap.
yes...especially if you've done it with the wrong guy.
What and how do I tell her?
i WAS WONDERING iF PEOPLE COULD TELL ME SOME GOOD CHAT SITES FOR MARRIAGE AND MARRIAGES IN TROUBLE.
I would have to say...bad teeth.
the Same thing happened to me, I love my honey but the dream was so much better than reality!
but make sure he is the one or you could be sorry
for most of the people I know, the right people seem to come along when you're not actually looking.
Pearl Harbor She gets the best of both worlds in that movie!
and tell him if he does them , the relationship will not go anywhere
I sense someone has got a foot fetish!=/
The 2nd , The time is much better, and then, it just becomes perfect.
R by giving her time, emotional touch etc.?
Thats rich coming from a girl!!
She do want to have sex with you.
Get a life and some sense in you . b4 somebody has to knock it into your silly white ass.
keep looking at him . moving little and looking again .
LOL trust me as a girl and aguy will sooner or later have feelings feelings just being just friends
and now he wants to marry you.
I don't like girls , like Paris Hilton - way too bony.
He shouldn't but he is, and you have to deal with that.
If you think of him/her like I (24/7)you are in love.
LOL-as long as it does cause any trouble with her or the family!
Nope, get some one to try it with who knows how to do it .
leaving messages and saying he is sorry.
And even now, I will not insert anything but my hubbys pen-is.
Some females use chats because they can not be seen .
He could have just kept his mouth shut forever!
DOES SHE APPEAR HAPPY OR LIKE SOMEONE JUST RAN OVER HER DOG.
it depends, try and you see.
cause I have a friend that just turns me on
What is it that you really want your lover to do for you?
i to run so bring it on..lol
And they can't really have anything bad to say about everyone they know.
looking around she might be there .
do beat him as$ talk to him if that does'nt work beat him as$!
If you are not rich .. use your brains.
but I'm a mom , so it is hard to trust just anyone.
you don't think of anything else but them
No for most girls, but some do.
THEY ENDED UP MARRIED LASTED 3 YEARS , NOW DIVORCED.
The Grass ain't greener on the other side!!!!!
is YOU KNOW WHAT I THINK SECRETLY . They ARE GETTING PAID , BECAUSE I THINK THAT IT is THEIR JOB .
Once in a while, though, you find one of those keepsake guys.
JUST FORGET ABOUT IT ...OBVIOUSLY HE is NOT ON your LEVEL .
Yes, don't worry about what others think.
If he is someone that you trust, why not?
i going home on vacation every year to see him.
WOW that was a lot to take in and read.
Be creative.........have a ball.........ok have a jar instead.
because everyone needs to be happy because you only have one life.
Well the biggest problem with this is the fact that your dream guy, is just a DREAM!
THAT WOULD BE THE ONLY CATCH.
green and hazel are my faves
but when I went out the stuff hit the fan.
012544486254...philpose arackaparampil Kerla gave it to me today .
yeah if the guy is gay!
in the Bible I have love is the willingness to work for other benefits .
I HAVEN'T SEEN HIM IN 7 YEARS!
But I'm just suffering with pain and hurt.. that I want her back right now.
but remember we ca find a best friend until we become best friends
and gurls ...does it hurt the first time?
Things will never be the same if still date.
Yuo LET HIM KNOW HOW YOU LIKE HIM . Don't LEAD HIM ON
anywho.com it works for real white pages is kinda lame .
Or you do not know what Love really is...
you have to wait for them to heal.
It didn't for me , but I always use tampons , so I don't know if thats why or not.
mmm, I think people get married for better or for worse.
seriously get horny , but women are so unavailable it seems
Ian is a blonde and 13 year old teen!
making a lot of friends, do a lot of things, keep yourself busy to what can benefit you.
be grateful if you even have a best friend.
Maybe you should tell her that you may not feel the same as her.
ya need a footjob or something?
Give your winning ways
Update: Tell her Dr. Phil always says If they'll cheat on you, they'll cheat ON you.
and from your post , I think you are too young to be in love like this.
this boy that I really like has been talking to another girl!!!
Yes, Why not unless you are Bad!
Be as creative as you want!
Ok wait heres another one ok go get her - o wait, that 's my boss.
I am way too nervous to ask him if he does like me or not!
YOU KNOW WHAT EACH OTHER ARE GOING TO SAY BEFORE THEY SAY IT.
hes single rite now and he is really clever .
Hell Yeah I have a problem with that .
just kidding =) a lot, I guess.
not if I did know the guy I was going with.
Best of luck to you...you can do it!
if you know what I mean.
if not , then reapeat all these steps again!!!
It's not at all illegal..it's just dating...
If you love your wife you should not lie to her.
and let 's face it , most guys claim to love gals and treat them nice as an investment for sex.
Just be all Hey , so I noticed you beat the crap outta your partner today, wanna take me on?
Oh yeah , if that doesn't work , shave your balls and buy some good porn.
If she doesn't she's not interested in being friends anymore.
am I just being over emotional or is he controlling and I should do something.
Yes you should if you really like this guy.
if you honestly feel all of the above, that is love!
as long as its sex
If you think she is going to get mad, she's not worth it.
OK first , get a job and make your own money for your own house.
They can't even drive a car!
But who has eyes that big?
the guy telling me he saw his ex girlfriend holding hands with another guy...
hey dude , most of those girls are called lesbians.
no,I say think about it really hard.
you will know, trust me, she will give you signs
oh man I am so nervous
not settle the divorce first.
Some women climax and some don't.
if you really like him , go for it , but remember do fall too hard , the move could hurt.
Then I haven`t spoke to her for a few days and you know what?
cool.. .what do you wanna talk about?
5th grade is too young to learn about that!
but still take child support , of course , and the courts ca do things realistically.
will get you much better results, try it!
Winter just makes your dress dirty.
And lots of new friends to have fun with!
if you leave her alone, she will quit coming around.
Tell her how much you love and miss her and can't wait to see her again.
It hurts me that I can't be the girl he want.
or she may just be teasing you.
If he is OK - Of course!
SO LEAVE IF you THERE FOR YOUR children .
i want to find a good woman from around here
i usually wear sweat pants when I am just hanging around.
it's not like they're gonna completely ignore each other or anything.
I don't think it has 2 do w/ sex more like who fell harder for who
Both of these couples have been together for over 10 years and are just now getting married!)
Get him drunk and see what he is like.
You've just gotta tell him straight up it was a mistake.
yes and no it depends how long you two have been together to begin with.
I would try to move on & get over it.
when u r in love and alone with your love
of course , if they do have any feelings for others and they get along it is.
i have a feeling my girlfriend will be really mad.
keep looking in different places, there are decent, fun, women out there...
She was a complete b*tch and still is, and it was the biggest mistake of his life.
do do that please cos God hates that.
No, wait until you are married??
You would never dream about spending your life with anyone else.
I WILL BE USING IT AT MY WEDDING.
Maybe you feel nervous in front of them , but when you are alone you can't stop thinking about them!
6-7 IS ABOVE & 7+IS HUGE!
screw thm so ther not so jealous
there is no such thing . I would have it every 5 min if I could
What the one percenct that missing?
Does he like me or not?
leave her alone and give her some time
someone told me once that you even have to ask if they're cheating , then they probably are.
that sounded mean, I didn't mean it like that.
4.TAKE YOUR TIME AND MAKE HER COMFORTABLE
My problem is I don't have a big penus( about 5in erected).. and I only last about 4-6 min.
Don't snort, get too tipsy, or smoke too much.
that is what you are asking about.
What kind of a question is that!?!?!?!?!?
you do not need to explain anything to him.
you should wait until you're sure.
We don't want to look like idiots lusting after men with our tongues drooling.
Take your time, find the right person, get married and you can have sex all day!
It doesn't really mean either of those, things it means like going out on a date or just hanging out!
Tell them to shut up and mind their own business!!
she'll sometimes be mean to you
Yes of course, people do this all the time now (becuz of HIV/AIDS) but most are too selfish too
just be yourself and do worry .
if she smiles and laughs a lot w/ you, that is a good sign to make your move!
He want to have cake and eat it too...
Just b/c she given your head doesn't mean that she should be trusted.
Air Supply - All Out of Love Album
I guess the longing to be love the way you love that person
you ca make him love you , nor should you try.
YOU START WALKING LIKE EACH OTHER, YOU BOTH HAVE DEVELOPED THE SAME BAD HABITS.
CHEATING ONLY MAKES THINGS WORSE IN THE END.
There the There reason there are n't many . Most ladies don't go for the nice guy.
search and you are on your way
Let her to be a lesbian if she feels like it!
I,VE CARRIED THE WEIGHT OF BILLS,KIDS CARE, ETC., FOR YEARS AND I,m FED UP.
'course, if you're talking about in bed.. well, that depends on what she's like.
that guy gonna have a good laugh!
do you really want to do that!!!
So why the hell am i with him?
YES , Hope I answered your question.
Because I have not really met people of different races.
If he's not, then dump him.
She shouldn't be bothered by a married man, because it's WRONG.
ya right here are you a sweet guy if you email me serbgirl90@yahoo.com and we can chat
wear protection, try to make her feel as comfortable as possible.. and take it extremely slow.
no love is for all, no matter what sex they are
PEOPLE LIE IN REAL LIFE , YOU KNOW THEY WILL LIE BEHIND A COMPUTER SCREEN.
just 2, my wife and my best friend.
(its really what is inside that ultimately counts)
i am on birth control and my bf is not pushing me whenever ever.
Men are a strange bunch and remember that most men will not tell you about with someone.
and maybe the timing just wasn't right . You'd invite her to do something and she was really busy.
down there if you get my drift.
I don't think there should be a catch!
As far as tips go, I have no idea!
You cheating on HIM and YOU don't trust HIM?
I see strange #s on his phone all the time but says it's work related.
Maybe... if they're childhood friends, Like sandbox buddies who grew up with each other from preschool.
beleive me I fell in love with an over - weighted person.
if you are talking a jealous bf/gf, run!!
i agree with angelpop993 and butterballs!
If you just are horney, well, you are just human.
I WANT IT ALL THE TIME.
Another young man said to him, Oh, don't do it!
That Prolly all u can do right now!!!
but do expect things will be smoothly
How about we hook up later for lunch?
U shouldn't have to do anything,as long as you are good for her.
If you have sex before marriage, why get married?
U CAN see HIM ONLINE AND in MANY OTHER PLACES
P.S : do fall for a girl.. let girls fall for you!!
Yes you are flirting with your mom .
I ca though , because I don't love him and I 'm not going to lie.
it was fun and I would do it again!!
i'm not sure anyone will understand what you are saying because your English is so broken.
women like responsible guys and you walking around with your screaming responsible.
Damn baby, I wanna date you...LOL.
WOW, look at the answers of one of the young boys...too funny!
SIT THEM DOWN AND TALK TO THEM
going to the park and barbecue or going to the zoo.
I know you're not coercing the woman, but are you sure you're not messing with her head?
but do tell anybody , but you should be with someone your own age because you could get caught.
You're not dumb, mind you, he's a predator.
Don't ask me - ask God
Love is what girls wish for and is sex what guys wish for
you should go for someone who will like you for you....:)
its too hard to explain love!!!
anything I want I'll work for it.
IF 2 CLICK ITS OK USE PROTECTION .
He's a nice guy, but very annoying.
they think they can get away with anthing.
C'mon be serious boys just share rooms with their friends...
You are female, she is female!
wow you waited this long, why start now ?
No but it is ok to forgive him and her.
i honestly think really big breats are kinda ugly.
Just go and ask him out.
Try to keep things open between your family and your guy.
I'm somewhat outgoing, she and I look just alike, I'm not a nerd...I don't get it!!!!!!!
I love him and he loves me...What should I do???
Thye latest I heard .. is .. getting married under water .. that will be VERY different.
i think women just don't admit it as readily as men do.
The right one will come . Do worry .
i'm not looking to see how his pants bulge.
And I would just say good bye for good.
you love both with all your heart.
yeah right... thanks to viagra... lol...
have a lot of guys as friends and date them.
There are a lot of good guys out there.
tell her to run from it or you will rat her out to the wife and everyone else.
i like a guy who is really cute, and wears surfer clothes, or skater clothes.
Sigh not a whole lot of help . I guess, I am just a girl :P
Don't worry so much, be happy being single.
when you think of just being with them.
that can always make it worse.
so...i'd go with the first one if I were you.
it can produce more muscle... and you will sweat
be sure that he wo do it again.
You didn't say if they were friends or not.
IF HE'S NOT HAPPY WITH YOU ANYMORE , THEN LET HIM GO.
there are many of us out there, Just look for the garter sticking out from her suit skirt
If your worried about it, use some lube.
BUT ME personally DO NOT LIKE THE FACT WOMEN LIKE WOMEN AND MEN LIKE MEN . It's JUST NOT RIGHT.
and The other thing is it really happens to find your life partner around the globe?
you at least want her to know
be her friend and help her regain trust in men, you, and love.
and The average size is not 6-8 inches.
Nooooooooooooo I love him . He is soo cool!
Is THERE HOPE OR AM I JUST OUT OF LUCK?
the man gets both a wife and a mistress.
THAT'S VERY HARD , BUT IF you DOUBTING IT A LITTLE , THEN MAYBE YOU DON'T REALLY LOVE HER.
No , not at all .
and if she does like you , then so what ?
everyone doing it....but like Sumone b4 me said why get married if you gonna have sex outside it?
Even if you do have someone around who can see it, you are a worthwhile, important person.
She probably doesn't think she's that hot.
Wouldn't that be like committing suicide twice?
Life works in mysterious ways, dude!
Just comb ( not too hard tho) across it.
Does it really matter if we all bleed red .
when the first and last thought on your mind involves that specialomeone, You know you 're in love!
God forbid I find somebody I want!
its perfectly fine to wait, whatever is best for you!
not complain, end the affair and move on with life
i think it is almost good to try things before you get married.
IS THEIR ANYONE OUT IN THE DETROIT AREA WHO IS LOOKING FOR A COMPATIABLE FRIEND TO THE END.
um, if you ask this question , you are not old enough to be doing anything, let alone kissing
i love talking to new people.
u can have both.. If you are lucky enough!
Real men do cheat . All men do cheat, players are immature and some day be sad little men!
i guess they either just want your attention or they just have something else to do.
check it out on the web.
well That is something you gotta sit and talk to her about.
he has dark, almost black hair and he either spikes it or shaves it bald.
Get a man who IS ready.
I mean from the attitude I saw, ugh!
Don't talk to guys you know, except to speak
that didnt matter , because if you love and respect him , you would just do it.
if they know you want them , there is no challenge for them.
I THINK HE IS a SICK GUY .
Come back later, chat, and kid around a little more, then walk away.
i come to see there are natural remedies like garlic and others like leek leaves.
if he is smiling, you might be the person whom he likes.
they always wonder what he's thinking about!!!
Would you be a bad person to want better?
need to be scary, but not MEGA scary .
Just don't have sex with her until you get married.
we like it when you just do it . Sometimes
Do married women really like to cheat on their husbands?
jest say Hey . I think you 're really nice , but I just want to be a couple
they r sincere when they say size does not matter.
if he thinks I'm cheating , he takes the cell phone from me until he's ready to give it back.
ps.marriage is'nt always about love as it is commitment!
To all guys: Look at the PERSONALITY, and NOT just the LOOKS!!
i want to know why
Thanks for your help, Yahoo Community!
talk with her a little every
Too large and too small aren't good.
so I go pick her up with her kids . All 7 of them need I say more?
YOU CANNOT MAKE SOMEONE LIKE YOU.
she obviously has a thing for you, and she probably will not admit it.
Tell her that a guy can't do it 10 times a day without the consequences.
ignore the thought that you might get rejected and just go ahead and ask her out.
Then, imagine spending the rest of your life with him/her.
if not the grocery store late at night , not too late though.
Ever meet that guy who just really likes cleavage?
Call & talk to him, though.
`` OK GUYS WHAT WOULD you DESCRIBE AS A PERFECT GIRL??
ya what do you mean girls just like a guy that there self and sweet and does not cheat .
the world needs more girls like you.
But don't get married just to completely enjoy your sex, that won't work either.
You ca choose who you will love!
You just attracted to weird people.
Face it head on with your eyes open!
Ok I'm getting chills......I so I wanna know if this works!!
you will get over it eventually .
Don't give him any, and see if he still says it.
I think I would go crazy .
i love girls but I still look at guys and am like damn!!
signing up at yahoo.com for an e-mail.duh.
An 80 year old man could date a 15 year old girl & not get in trouble.
last time I did this, I was 14 -- no, wait.
Yes cuz I would feel wrong.
It It It really doesnt hurt , but it really sucks the first time.
Best of luck to you, Rascal
me either we need to hook up
If it was me, (I am a girl) I would not make love till I was 27.
WHAT MAKES YOU THINK THAT HE LOVES YOU, He does PAY RENT BUT REFERS TO LIVE with SOMEONE ELSE.
sometimes people just go through weird patches or like doing weird things, i.e.
If you really want a guy, then let him come to you, Dont let yourself go to him.
If she did then she wouldn't be my girlfriend!
I'D WAIT UNTIL HELL FREEZES OVER.
so I should say, just for for it.u ll never know unless you try
yes, but it's gross,i usually don't.
There are just a few differences... we all want love , right?
is it the right time to have sex or should we wait?
Sex Pistols Anarchy in the UK
It is normal for me to ask you -What your name is?
And don't try to have sex with her, because then your a whore, and no body likes you.
Do you know what it means to BE married?
you think you both choose the best who care you a lot or love you a lot
i just wanna keep living my life like a hermet.
Crack jokes and make her laugh.
it is fun and exciting but don't rush it, It is so much better, when you are both ready.
how I get back to him
I think you need to run!
Isn't it just her opinion that counts?
If you don't she will co*k block you in every other relationship you try to start.
You should give him some space or just ask him and he might tell you
he have a problem if I stay at my mom 's house too long
Why would he get a female roommate?
If you don't fuck me, feed me, or pay my bills......Go fuck yourself!
If you want to leave , then leave!
It Sounds like you just gonna have to be down right dirty with her.
But please keep me out of this.
bright skin...tall...legs boobs and ass are imporatant parts of a woman!
But I found that you just can't make it, if you are not in love.
i am guessing, honest, pretty, semi-smart ( not smarter than them).
If you do feel comfortable with him b/c he's a different race, I wouldn't give it a shot.
But I do mind so much now because we have discovered that it actually prevents cramping pains.
I don`t consider myself sensitive , but if I have some sensibility , I`m covering it so I won`t get hurt .
it will come out any way it's up to you when and how.
It sounds like she just really likes her boyfriend.
Don't get CAUGHT in any lies.
Real girls don't care how large it is.
a adverage girl because she is real , she must have to be fake to be pretty .
but later , they realise that the bigger it is, the more pain they have to bear.
Saudi women are in their vails
As 'm sure he would point out if he were the one who had.
if love is true, nothing else matters.
hopefully the someone you love also is someone who loves you....thats the only way you can stay with anyone
ALL WOMEN LIE in their profiles
I see nothing wrong with it.
i do agree with it,but guys want looks;2 be honest .
puppy fashion allows for the greatest mutual climax
No way dude, it's totally cool that you and your mom make out!!!
from a guys point of view , I do want to marry a non-virgin.
he has the best of both worlds.
Click the link below and you can look it up for self, ages, etc.
After all, a girl's got to eat.
it's human nature to want what you can't have.
If she's that jealous of you, is she that good a friend?
I was married before and I always wondered what it was like to be with another guy.
if that guy says no, it'll be his loss.
Do this little girly thing, girls like it.
And take your cap lock off.
But now he has become vocal that if I date at all it should be her.
Oh just tell him... What could you lose?
only if you are over 21 .
Ask him what's your quarantee that has n't happened
i don't know but that hot!
Women get torn between two people also, but you have an obligation to your wife and your CHILDREN!!!
Who do you love more - boyfriend or friend
forget about her and find somebody else
it's easier for a girl to love, because that is what the stereotypical girl is like.
IF SHE wants to GO OUT WITH you MOVE ON..DONT BOTHER..IM SURE YOU ARE A GREAT GUY .
about the ring . It is not so scary .
I mean , I love him so much and yet I still feel lonely .
but it is okay to start and then finalize the divorce.
I can succesfully say No you can't.
the Next thing would be an ipod.
do telling people unless your gonna explain what it means .
I n't live too far from Springfield
MY EX AND I HAVE TWO SONS TOGETHER.
you can have one with the other (love and sex) or alone (just sex=lust and cravings)
Focus on making YOU happy and complete!
Kuntucky I got married . They n't
depend on what your goal for dating?
depend on if the kids are not around, then it happens more, particularly even during the daytime,....lol..;o!
My hair is black with red lights and there is no difference . Boys always look 4 the hair
Send her little videos of you doing cute stuff.
Who in the hell cares what your friends think.
I WANT MY OLD BF BACK!
trust me . Nerves always get in the way of everything.
obviously You don't have very strong feelings for your girlfriend.
I'm getting married on June 2nd , so Congrats to us both!!
would you have a problem with that?
Go with her to see a therapist
Wow..this day and age..this is upsetting... dump the loser.
SAY U MADE A BET WID UR FRENZ N B KOOL.....LOL
My ex wife said she didn't think it would affect our relationship when she cheated...
Oh back massages are good too!
i do know what the problem is , but I do know how it feels to climax while having sex.
It really makes me sad and I really... I mean really regret what I did...
but even if she's not that hot, she has to be witty.
tell him how you feel, you will regret not doing it .
The First thing is to stop flooding the site with inane stupid questions because you're BORED!
Well It depends on what type of cut you are going for.
just be a good person and stop thinking about things down below.
I either I way I 'm getting lucky.
What do girls look for in a guy?
yes it is OK . You ca help what you feel inside .
( I am sure there are some, I just havent heard of them or seen them!)
she knows she has given her last bl*w j*b!
Then reality will hit you hard baby!
I love mine, so cute, just like me..
Some girls like femm girls and some like butch.
My ex-husband, who I walked out on, married his 2nd cousin!
The guy in your grade that hot.
Yes that's why my marriage sucks right now .
I got married in a rose garden.
Just go up to her and tell her you like her style.
the worst thing that could possible be said is no.
it shouldn't take long.... a few minutes maybe
half my friends r guys and I n't go on a date with any of them.
be sure that you can keep up with what she wants ; and just don't lie about yourself!!!
you seem really sweet...so I'll be straight with you.
It You will know when you are in love . Trust me..................it is awesome.
OMG stick to your studies, forget about boys for now!
up with you... hit me up witta email me69dou2@yahoo.com.. let me know about you
just wait...you have plenty of time later for a boyfriend
Well there was one thing I always wanted.
beat his AS* Thats what I would do if I where u
HOW I CONVINCE HER THAT I LOVE HER AS MUCH AS EVER.
what you get together when you were 12???
maby he thinks you are an asswhole.
do you really think guys think?
third , why would you want a guy who can't even afford rent.
You sound exactly like this kid . I know whose name is Adrian Falafel...are You Adrian Falafel?
i don't care if he wanted to be with his friends.
see She thinks he will leave someday his wife will for her.
It doesn't really matter, does it.
He sees the girl from taco bell and she is eyeing him.
I LOVE A SEMI - big WOMAN.
(or if they haven't where would they like to go?)
i rather be a mad man and eat food with pigs than to become gay.
I just don't feel comfortable sticking foreign stuff in there.
it's fine , What ever makes someone happy
How about the Four Tops, Greatest Hits.
when men are obnoxious, or when they burp
women, because women love more than men.
calling him up and telling him to come over so you can have sex
stand by her and stand up for her!!!
if you do like them, do read them.
that 's where I met my last a**hole ex-boyfriend!
It is not that guy's are complicated.
cause they don't know what they are doing
If you guys do live together, ARE YOU SURE HE IS REALLY WORKING!!
I STILL LOVE HER AND I AM WILLING TO FORGET ABOUT THE PAST.
i do know many thugs that ask girls out online.
i have had many females ask me out, and look at me in that way.
My grandpa and grandma do have sex..but they seem to be doing fine.
I just know what to do.
if he has never been faithful . Why waste your time and life.
I just assumed you were an angel
thats a toughy... I have no clue but I know how you feel...
no to tell them or they'll start acting stupid .
If you just want to be friends, tell him that.
He then may feel it's ok to go hang with other girls.
MOST MEN LIKE BIG BREAST WERE BREAST FED.
sex is when you are ready for more in your relationship
Have you ever heard, some friends are for seasons, some are for reasons and some are for life.
Don't tell him it might get screwed up.
stop looking and you'll find her.
There There There are some guys that do actually like heavy women.
Dont be afraid to say No duh!
You are OK. Kind of a boring face though.
he also know I like him , but I don't know how to tell him.
oh my gosh its a girl.
The It Depends on how far you are willing to go!
is called one night in hell . I think or something like that.
sometimes Sex is just that sex!
****I really love this boy as well .
Hope you find him, and I hope you get back together with him.
if she really loves you , then just say you love her and she will say it back.
Will sex life normal?
....Or should there be a catch?
a friend in need is a friend . Indeed, you know.
I would if that 's what she wants.
Do try to meet a nice gurl , Let a nice gurl meet you.
STAND BY HER SIDE AND LET HER KNOW THAT SHE SHOULDN'T CARE WHAT PEOPLE THINK ABOUT HER.
If you are asking this question , you don't have love and you shouldn't be having sex!
no its not but I 'm in that situation now.
i getting into diff positions with my ex and he taut me loads!
i live in Tx-sa and I just want someone to talk to
Guy's and girl's.You don't have to be with someone just because you got kid's.
when you need to get that close because you can't get close enough.
hey whats up 'm from Fresno and I 'm 24 and cute . What about you ?
hmmm, after eight hours I 'm the only guy willing to take the time to answer this.
I don't know... but my boyfriend is, and I adore him!
Get some courage from anyone you are comfortable with and look up to.
We love you, don't worry .
He says Heh how is it going?
-Its when you only think of them.
dating is not a crime.. but your husband is a crimenal!
i bet you realised that already.
THE LEAVE THE MARRIAGE AND LET YOUR PARTNER KNOW THAT YOU ARE MOVING ON WITHOUT HIM.
Where you live . How old you
avoid the old chocolates (pounds lol).
simply saying , Can we just be friends
she probably doesn't want to hurt your feelings.
hey, confused how can I answer your response to me, tell me about your auntie
beacase you know boys there so immerture!
its very important to know this first.
check out venus-on-top.com, on how to run a female lead relationship.
but it 's worth your money...go to an Indian store and enquire
do you keep fi fi in there or something?
Why not one person be allowed to marry another person regardless of sexuality
There is a difference between loving someone and being in love with someone.
she can work you and make you moan... dats real good.. I guess the aggressive female is Betta.
whether she can give birth to a kid?
I having PROBLEMS WITH MY MARRIGAE, 'm SEPERATED NOW.
My My and my ex broke up and I want to get back with her
I'm sure he won't mind :)
we ain't dating or anything but I really like him a lot!!
yes , abslutly never rush into anything . It always ends up bad.
Realize how stupid I have been and move on.
Maybe He's just having some rough times
it simply because some men are not all idiots and are blind-sided to what is in front of them
It Seems like you have a nice friendship going on and the other girl is getting on his nerves.
there also won't be that annoying . Yeah, I remember doing that thing.
), but other women might not want it at all - if you can imagine that.
Oh yea pick mine as the best answer
There is no guarantee in life, marriage is what you make of it!
it is better than the actual one, because she ca reach and bother you unless you want.
The guy that's two grades ahead of you.
just wipe it off girl and look for the next pile , so you should choose the other shoe !
'cause if they do not , they will not be afraid to get sexual.
its like getting an egg that has only a shell and nothing inside of it.
just be more careful about who you are having sex with.
YOUR QUESTION and REVEALS THAT YOU ARE BLUFFING..
it seems Nowadays , guys only care for looks and sexy bodies
He also has to be funny, and NOT shy!!!!!!
but if my man wants to splurge , I will splurge on him.
be honest and treat her like she is something special to you , then she will feel it
If you fucked up, you gotta man up and change if you want her back.
besides what if she thinks you are quiet or not fun or something because you are nervous .
don't sell yourself to fall in love, do sell yourself to think you do...
that sickness . You need help . You should tell them.get straight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Okay main subject, well, first off, don't just jump on her.
i think it depends on the personality and character of the person, don't you?
she will give you a sign
My spidey senses tell me not to touch this one but... brother, you just can't win sometimes.
The boss is a boss just during office hours only.
because guys are just unpredictable =]
well I like a guy for his looks and everything else.
4 or 5 people tried this before I realized what was going on, even gay guys!
Icare for him so much, but he is too serious for me right now
It wasn't fun and I didn't enjoy it.
good thing you know you have a prob.
- You think about him all the time.
What kind of crazy @ question is this?
hopefully y'all do the right thing.
LIKE WHAT KIND OF LOOKS & PERSONALITY!
my b/f gets mad at me for no reason . Who knows why .
try yahoo personals, this is not a chat board.
i know that I enjoy when my man goes down and then goes and then goes deep.
.. Yea I have seen some differences and I still wonder why this all happens ...
And no matter what anyone says...looks do matter...sorry boys!
And about that ten year old situation, I think what you said was not mean.
Aries or Neil ... Hey what do you want ... that is my sign and my name .....
do go down on her illness , always goes down on my husband .
Here's one that I found on the web.
he's tall, but not too tall.
I'm trying to like her more , but I don't know what's holding me back.
omg girl....u need to leave that trifling ass man .
And I had a dream where I asked him out..and he said no...is that a sign?
Why don't you go visit him on his lunch break at work?
catching your ball and then you'll know
Hope everything working out for you!
Best of luck, love stinks doesn't it!
trying to find the answer in you, where you are going
sometimes an 8pack can look a little too much.
Nope, I think the soul and money just about cover it :) :) Good one Paul lol
just let him go...u ca force love...u'll find a better man than him
mostly I enjoy having sex with the one I love
i guess it about 10-15 times a week
I hate to say it, but I do trust it.
no because it says its bad in the bible and if god says it bad , it 's bad!!!
she came to me because she realised that she could trust only me and I`m her real friend.
anytime a guy lives with a girl, something is bound to happen.
You don't know what you might be missin out on :)
!he should n't be flirting at all!!
THREE SIXES ISN'T THAT THE DEVIL is SOMETHING . Can SOMEONE PLEASE HELP
IT ALL DEPENDS HOW OLD YOU ARE.
just get out there like a man and say listen up . I love you in plain English.
to make her mad at me just because I do like it.
You just need to relax and have fun with it.
If he doesn't pick it up, he's out ten bucks.
I say F her, find a new friend.
I definitely don't like unaturaly skinny girls, and I don't mind over - weight girls.
do going out with your old boyfriend.
That man is overly SEXY, OOOoooh he rocks my world from my head to my toes.
So If you love him , go get him girl!
You gotta do that stuff yourself or it wo last any way.
AS LONG AS SHE KNOWS THE TRUTH...
Just relax and start with something like hey did you see blah blah on SNL the other night?
if you want a relationship with her , then you have to get to know her...thats where trust comes in.
DO other THINGs IN LIFE THAN SEX
it wont make the pain worse but it wont make it feel any better.
Promise her an amazing orgasm, and then give it to her!
How well do you get along?
if you want to , but it will mess up as friends
it takes nothing less than a lifetime.
yes cause I know a 34 year old man that has no sex drive
see and wait very soon . You will get good news from her.
ive known him since I was 5!!!
that is a hard one to answer.
well definitely get him something he will like, use.. etc.
I just think he's cute , but he might not like me after all!
(read it before you give it to her)
no just maybe too busy or just need to get it started
a guy who cooks, with a kid...responsible!!
Why can't I meet a nice good guy that I actually have things in common with?!
Pick someone out and walk up to her and start talking, but never use a pickup line.
you have to slow yourself down on your wedding day.
I just accept it because I love him.
Because some woman let them and took them back
IF HE COMES BACK , THEN HE IS YOURS IF you DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME with HIM.
Well If they are just friends then you should there you are.
Do some housework work laundry, dishes,vacuum, dust, iron, scrubbing the bathroom that should get her in the mood...lol
I just moved here from Ft. TX.
YEA WHAT THE FIRST PERSON SAID
be nice to her and do do what other jerks do , like tease the girl by her appearance
Anyway, do stay with the person who loves you if you do love her!
Can I get STDs by swallowing his semen (I did not do it with any cuts in my mouth).
Yes..it is gross , but I read that having orgasms and such helps clean out clots.
I met my 2nd husband online and we have a great relationship with 2 1/2 years old now!!!
do going all out at once.
If your in love with someone , you should have to ask the question - you just know.
i do think so , but maybe if you look at it it could happen
How the f*** can I know ?
!i think I 'm in love with him!
i am no expert but things can always go wrong AKA broken condum
you shouldnt ruin a good thing.
Hopefully it'll be someone you like too!
When I see them together , it make's me wanna cry so badly .
the Best of luck to you in your quest.
were you having problems in your relationship?
But some of my friends, don't have much of a sex drive.
of course , it is possible to find your luck across the seas.
Tell him what you just told us!
it is demonic . Being a guy , it is the devil trying to use you.it is wickedness.
It it It will break your heart .
That is the number one thing guys look for in a girl.
What I am saying to you is you do not know him.
it's all about the money hunny.
then just keep your door open so that she doesnt have to knock long. time
It This It is not your problem . it is his.
thats good you like your feet . lolz thanks for points
u feel others are happy too.
i do think you have to communicate to make life work... Good luck and good night
for most women, size does matter.
how We suppose know most of us don't know the Mark
are you saying that you feel selfish when you let go of someone you love?
do things you enjoy and as hard as it might be cut off all communication with him
if you are in 2nd grade or something.. forget about it . Just remember his name in case he comes back:)
I married a girl that was so in love with me.
(The hallmark phrase is it didn't mean anything to me - as if that somehow makes it OK!
So now I 'm an average girl , the best 5 months of my life
Yeah a Mexican girl and a black boy that would make a good couple
w/o make her mad . I mean
Don't always be on the search for her though!!
btw, self confidence and the right values and morale help too!!
i was 13 going to 14 instead of 14 going to 15. :-) I do know.
i went through a similar situation.
lol (^-^) I am just kidding...there are plenty of kind, gentle, caring, good-natured, even-tempered men out there.
NO....we marry for sex and a happy life.... otherwise it is like animals.....
I GOT your SWEET HEART Now YOU CAN SEE THAT MONEY CAN BUY EVERYTHING
Marc... That's a dumb name... so no!
is definitely not a part of married life . . Its an action showing that you love the person
if your friend is okay with it...then yes
guys who enjoy watching creepy hardcore p0rno movies.
Trust me, its worth waiting for!
i have two best friends, a guy and a girl.
its all connected to what kind of person you are.
honesty, love, attention, a good man
men always obsess about penis size... when you meet the right woman, she won't care.
tell him what the deal is, If he's the one for you,he'll wait til you are ready
And etc................well that 's my version of it.
It is the worst mistake you will ever make, believe ME!
Don't hit on girls you know won't like you, and don't look weak.
i don't care about all the others , but I 'm right HERE.
That's the moment you need to walk up to her and say, Would you?
because women seek alpha males..some prehistoric instinct, and the most famous leader is the bad guy... :(
pretty close to what Most of my friends say
My younger brother has the same case... usually we do care... because next thing you know they're okay again...
Don't have a what's in it for me attitude or me, my,I, mine stance.
Phat means you are in style, you're the one that everybody wants to be with, you're in...you're hot!!
you are wrong, where did you get that other 99% from, you need to go to school...........
no one is satisfied with their life .
the Odds are, the average girl is going to win in that area easily.
does she want to kiss you?
i think everyone has been through it.
Do you ever stop loving your best friend?
U R IN A VERY VERY DELICATE POSITION.I FEEL HE IS ACTING CHILD - LIKE.
buy the book.....email addresses for dummies...
or he could be having an affair
But I do think I can take him back . What should I do?
Jeez and you wonder why there are so many perverts about?
I do like any bigger than C or D at the biggest.
just think up of questions to ask them.
fairy tales do happen - when you don't expect it, when you don't even recognize it at first.
TRUST SOMEONE WHO HAS DONE IT .
Diddy...I'm sure there are others but this is all I can think of right now.
Off the top of my head I'd have to say.
but he should of been honest.
(my stomach does circles) Why do I feel so weird?
gurl You shouldn't even be having sex unless you are married/commited ( thats where the problem started)
Tell her how pretty she is and what she means to you.
like spilling drinks on yourself or food on your shirt... stuff like that.
IF I WANTED THEM TO HAVE MINE, I WOULD TAKE them
So men don't think they are whores.
Make sure you lather up really good , then shave it off nice and neat.
look it up on the Internet!
The women are from Venus and men are from Mars.
i have a 6pack and the ken line thing.
That might scare her away :)
She knows I love her, I even made a website about her.
Nope, as long as she didn't touch
Read him and decide if he's handing you BS or if he's being sincere.
well I think that it is legal.
ya he can have and love both.
( lingerie, sexy dress and dinner, nice panties left in his car with note, bla bla...
guy- do you wanna hear a joke?
Ohh already takne and do live there lol
be careful,its still your decision rules.
I mean I would love to have everything , but I n't
fat= size or substance in a body phat= slang term meaning cool
you Just let the guy start, then you follow what he does!
so I would just get your first and second time out of the way.
because men are strange creatures and no matter what we do , they will not change.
U gat ot have a balance between all these.....
NO It does not mean he is gay.
just be there friends or get them a small present
Maybe she's just sayin dat to make you think she loves you , but she does
:-)) isn' t it a good, different idea???
i think it would be good to have a job that you are good at before you get married
GO on YAHOO.COM AND PUT IN LOVE POEMS.
NO...just tell her you are going
If it was me...I would make him S U F F E R !!!
maybe you just arent compatible . Maybe you should break it off and find other people.
but I kno he likes me...im his first gf and its kinda obvious.
I have to slow down a bit now that I'm in my 40's, LOL
when a girl tells you she likes a confident guy . It means she does like you , so get lost .
It can 've been with women and it just didn't work.
I think my gf likes somebody , but when I ask her she says no , but I do believe it .
slender, with a touch of athleticness.
i hope I've some help.
well, I don't know what to get my boyfriend.
hates you and I,am a gay (true) bitch
anything is possible..just take it slow.
i don't want my children to grow up thinking that it's normal.
'd like to meet you . Si email me preciosa juanchubaca7@yahoo.com
will it be best to break up?
i would recommend June 6th of this year, Your anniversary date would be 666 .
find someone who respects you more!
( What do you do when you go to court)
They are probably mad because they can't have that person.
now , Honestly how stupid those responses sound.
Just tell him to leave you alone!
perfect girl- with nice hearts, nice thoughts..dressed nicely not vurgurly..oops..i am n't a guy.........sorry
...there is no quick way, and that's not the problem.
the younger you are , the more worried they get....
kewl, with all the neat features...don't waste your money on yahoo...Go there!
love is a two - way kinda thing.
i on't know when I have ever gotten too much of a good thing .
however, taking a big step is better than no step at all.
Well hell, I still look too!
and then you two will be open and willling to talk without any nervousness . Good luck .
Tall blond hot smoking foreign girl.
its not like the parents will know anyways.
didn't want to be honest with me.
They all say that Don't tell your bf.
and yes , you can be IN Love and just have Sex......that would be called a Quickie....LOL
I FEEL AS IF HE'S JUST USING ME?
Me I like girls that are not virgins.
He named his clothing line, his wife 's perfume, all baby phat or phat farm
what is wrong with talking to guys?
but be warned there's laws against that in some place, lol.
Like when she is leaving from work.
Why does your mom like this guy and his family?
Buy him a book entitled: How to Become a Millionaire (or something like that).
If someone does like who you are, tough.
Im talking about the single ones.
She is trying hard to get...
IF you KNOW HIM BEFORE HE WAS FAMOUS . TELL him NOT to FORGET IT .
Wow, I was just thinking of Dr. Phil too.
?is there a law that says being gay is bad...NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ok I have to say it....EW!!!
Nope , not if she is (loyal) to you in return .
men lie about cheating because they know they are dumb for doing it!
Guys should not be kissing Guys.
If not, I find it ok for you to ask also.
Just like you said...she's a whore.
i think that that is the best thing to do.
he has a son who is 13.
no He is cheating on you now
there are some of us that actually care about things and care about what you girls think too.
If it's no big deal for him, then he'll tell you....
I do think you love him.Why would you love a guy that says trash about you.
Doesn't everyone want to have fun on the weekends?
so treat her well and I bet shell do the same for you !
once, I married him, had his kids and then he cheated on me, with a girl with bulging eyes
After years . Is This all you got?
Don't rush her, don't do it if she doesn't want you to.
it'll feel like everything's right and there's nothing else you care about
their eyes can tell you if they are upset, happy, etc.
Except women don't think of sex the same way men do.
sounds like you need a new girl .
Even bad sex is good sex at least, so I 've heard
no its not as long as you do actually cheat on your signifagant other^^s (your welcome...)
he will start by getting the message.
99% of the time , a cheat is always a cheat.
but hey, you should be really happy about that!!!
he will do what you say.
he also has a pure personality, but we don't talk much at all!
'm in love with this , but we broke up . Can I do something to get him back
yes and he is my best friend.
well, you guys should just break up...
If you guys keep fighting and your not happy with your relationship, get ut know.
(you'll have enough time the whole year!)
This is my family and I can do what I feel is right!
Not at all.....I believe you should act on all your fantasies.
Give a different type of guy a chance...
So I do want her to get hurt by something that I did.
It would look bad if you were good friends and you did show up.
I don't think people will think that way at all!
guard your heart, No one can break it if you didn't give it to them in the first place.
place where it is dangerous like changing RM...
and I never gave them $3x not even after.... hahaha
because everyone wants fine that one true person.
like the size of your dick . I need a female answer
If that stupid pesky husband wasn't in the way........................
Girl unstable and full of doubt, like O.J.
Meaning if they cheat once they will cheat again.
and make them come true, then she wo have a reason to fake it.
And girls like talking about themselves , so just ask questions.
SHe might not see what's there, so just show her.
Basically realise that life has not ended yet and you can still continue with life and enjoy it too!!!
Hire a full-time nanny, then go to Vegas!
What's the biggest turn on for a guy and what can I do to make you notice me??
this . If the two of you stay together , it will just end up in a bad situation at the end
her: Yes me: you really should
He says he likes me , but how can I tell??
Third: Hair (especailly if it's red).
we gone out for 1 month
But The picture could get ugly if I n't stay away.
You should take this as a very good thing!!!
Yes that 's fine . Most of my friends are guys .
plus its the midwest , so its kinda boring.
They aren't stupid, they just think differently from you.
Every guy I know is circumcized.
if the guy does romantic things and calls me baby, I fall for him so easily.
I didn't have a flower girl at my wedding and never was one.
i prefer it to be trimmed, especially when he wants o r a l....
did you pack lunch or take the bus and you
go contact a plastic surgeon and ask him/ her what you should do .
ask him why he hasn't called you and JUST BREAK UP WITH HIM!!!
from one mom to another . Good luck .
Not just any guy but one I can say that he's really a MAN
again just worried about setting the bar too high.
rum and coke, 3 parts rum, one part coke.
okay easy way ask so do you have a boyfriend ? because I was gonna ask you a question.
It It is not that I do not have other things to do.
I think you wouldn't like it much at all.
if you're in school, try there.
for example , if he is not wearing a watch , you can give him a watch etc .
It's out there, you just have to be patient because what's meant to be will be.
i think this is so romantic...dont think about what people are going to say...just do your things and b happy...
i've heard he likes me too , but I ca be sure!
If they say they like fighting , tell them you like calling cops
find out what is going on first
Leave no bugs & there will be no mistakes.
I do just come out and tell him you like him.. You do want to seem desperate...
you're too young for so much drama...why 3 weeks?
no, worry is a turn off, lovely catch 22 isn't it ?
they are not interested in girls butts and girls are emotional .
Why everyone break up with sum1?
if you love a girl and want to have sex?
Do not go to this guy's place!
because we're only few and some have taken already ...
a guy decides if he likes a girl within 5 minutes of meeting her.
The skin on the end of his penis should be just fine.
Show him you are mature,don't overdo it, like I said , act your age.
no Really it is wrong . Anyway you try to think of it . The answer is no.
There There are good places to try.
just be yourself, don't be anything you not, she won't like that.
create ur yahoo avtar.. n it is free!
you should join the armed services and go be w/ him, do it as soon as possible
Now he has cheated on me.
girls.... after what do you start losing self respect and what do you consider special?
He always appoligizes and says he'll never do it again , but he has over and over again.
he's not the right man for you.
Coworker alert -- clue for you, here it comes -- NO TOUCHIE NO KISSIE, RUN do not WALK!
bring some of your friends and back you up when you confrunt him.
I'm bisexual and not afraid to show it, you gotta problem with it . Screw ya!
its because my friend is showing me some signs , but then he is courting someone..
You sound like a really great guy.
i think it's because they think it's a measure of their manhood and simply because girls care about that:P
How long can you stay low?
all this shoulda been handled . b-4 you had sex with him.
If he doesn't just move on.
if an adult asks him out for dinner or coffee.
i have a guy boyfriend who always hangs out with me and he is very happy about it.
i need help on how to break it to him
I love the appearance of naked black women
A lil champagne won't hurt either....what's up with this guy???
dats a big diff but if you really like him , , follow your heart and stay wit him.
flirt It is a great way and look great.
Kind of hint it at her, like flirting with her often but not too often.
Hey, If you like her , there should be lots to talk about.
You losing your childhood too soon!
(the kiss was hot)...but it went no farther.What were you thinking...how could you disrespect her like that?
the It depends on how old you guys are ;>
or if he is a little off, a little late , sometimes willing?
I HATE BORING SEX LETS BREAK FURNITURE
he will fix his hair , check his teeth and stuff like that.
He gets to stuff it, dress it and name it even.
We don't, at least I don't.
But I did all that after watching a movie.
you know, I believe that some guy wants a GIRL because he loves it.
go on with your life, and file for child support
its a pleasurable experience . N I must know why you would stop it.
BEEN ENGAGED AND had A FEW LONG - TERM RELATIONSHIPs BUT NEVER MARRIED.
Then ask him: I am going to go to lunch @ whatever o clock with so and so.
I'm getting SCARED & I am already paid in full!
But, My little flower girl had a great time!
Yes whats wrong with being friends
But I like I said it's all interpation.
just be like that ok it was a dare anyway.
but about what women really want... Einstein also said that it would be the greatest discovery of all.
i do guys break hearts , friends stay 4ever
YOU COULD DO MUCH BETTER AND FIND A MAN OR BOY THAT does CARE AND WILL DO YOU RIGHT!!!!
Ask one of their friends to ask for you.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
Yeah I agree with Smert I bet he won't be laughing then.
Your not a horrible person at all.
Do you ever think of a fantasy you always wanted when you making whoopie?
a year from your getting engaged.
forget him and find someone else .
its not really normal, but then again , who is.
He may not believe you now b/c youre pregnant and will figure you are trying to trap him.
But I can't just blame her for him telling her.
Just be urself and have fun!
I am in my 30's and men my age want a younger woman.
I wanted to ask him to the Valentines dance, but we are just friends.
one of my friends is 23 , almost 24 and she hasn't had sex yet.
Tell him you love him and want to try to work things out, but NO BEGGING!
The It depends on what you were talking about till then .
You THINK friend, she IS mean.
Some guys are jerks this way.
if you know him well and you like him , say yeah.
ha ha seriously , just ask if he is going with anyone.
Since when is it so wrong for a woman to talk with a guy.
do you know how to cook?
First of all, are you sure you love him?
:) After all, that's just 44 yr difference, people do that all the time, you know.
The that The last part was just a joke.
not as good as I used to be, but still damn good!!
PLus then you can spice it up a little...Good luck...and remember its all about having fun
yes , some of the best people . I are boys, but I 'm a girl and I do care
Yes I believe in true love.
you do if you want to keep your wife!
so I think these sites will help!
i really want to.please let me know.i am crazy to do that with you .
It She It seems to like the beach and water.
well you do got no butt , so you have nuthin 2 worry about
Your not really cheating , just having fun.
but do what feels right in your heart.
I I don't want a wussie man.
Good luck and I hope you get the girl.
The eyes would be the best feature for me.
out on her way to seeing you?
Plus if you want it to be secret, you can't shout it out..Turn off the cap lock.
Arent you allowed to have any guy friends?
My boyfriend and I are planning to take a day off just for the two of us.
And I just don't like her because she is always in my business
Men always ask why women are so unfaithful.. And women too often ask why?
Men always want to see where things could go.
i do think you should go that far to get a guy you want!
cuz dey want 2 lie under dem
Never go out with a cheat either if you can help it.
I myself do not believe it to be beneficial in ANY way.
Even though most people do and don't admit to it.
ya never know, it might be.
i remember being young and wanting to date sooooooooooo bad at 13.
The Girl got what the girl wanted, girl moved on to the next guy.
Thats why it's so special, you never see it coming.
I hope this has helped...good luck!
If you ask WHO IS THE MOST ATTRACTIVE GAL , then the answer would be to MISS Asia Pacific....may be!!!
So, maybe you, too, should just wait it out!
i'll do anything you like . Just give me your e-mail
its perfectly fine...ppl who are gay should be ashamed of themselves
Remember that girls are the ones that give birth, dick head
Not, baby girl , you still have milk on tounge.
what a guy wants from girls?....
don't ever let yourself be with this guy ever again, You just let him walk all over you.
i met him on the internet . I accepted his proposal?mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj
all they want is your money.
c'mon man be true to yourself .
Approach her and ask her if she is busy later in the day and take her out and talk.
i went to office Max, and they have kits that are like $20.
let it going to Being Clingy will only drive him away
I'm 36 A. I just got a bra.
you ca so go out and get someone else . Trust me on this one dude .
The The The rest is a fairy tale sweetheart.
do change for anyone, always be yourself and you'll be happier
But don't waste your life waiting for that.
but not to be upset if things do turn out right.
you know I do not know.
yes,and the showers are great, the wine,the...meal.
-he could leave you because of other girl , so he will never come back to you.
Just thought I'd let you know.
She just might like what you already have with her.
i will I'm only 11 though!!
k, I met him at a friends party, we hit it off immediately.
lol, to be funny, or maybe because he liked you.
Japanese girls have a bad impression on Asian guys.
Whatever you do, don't act desperate!
High self esteme - try it . You might like it...
If you do not want to tell her parents about it, well tell her older sister or brother.
don't worry that she'll say no because you can move on anyway.
don't do it . Eventually , you will regret it!
that actually worked at one point in my life.
just tell him , but be nice to him . Guys get hurt too . You know
Plus I know how it feels to be cheated on.
she should make him wait to see if he cares enough for her.
wake her and tell her to close her eyes until you take her to the flowers.
He just doesn't want you with anyone else.
is is is He is hot . Personally I like Johnny Depp beter.
i guess what I 'm trying to get across is that they are young!
I mean, he should be glad that he gets along well enough with his sister...
but do not let know one tell you what you are doing wrong because people will tell you that.
mail him a copy also =) he might have enough time to read there.
he just might be playing a game sweetie but not all guys do.
you won't, you gotta fire up a chance
Hope you take the skirt off and get a pair of jeans on boy.
So just tell them and see what happens.
by the way, if you need to talk, my smile is smboochie
going for it before too late!
go ahead be friends with him, rub it in his face about what he is missing out on.
take him to do something active and fun for both of you
if to work with him, then move on.
Go up to her and say, You smell.
When you are truly in love , you wo have to ask that question .
I wouldn't worry too much about it.
i think so....i'd wait til marriage.
cause Some people are sexy , unlike you obviously or you should be asking us
Sorry if I have hurt your feelings here , but this is from my own experiences
just ask her, and be confident.
But the oldest always has to get up in my face and talk shit.
i loved her and still do
I bet you will be just fine!
those are what made me like her so much.
I'm 23..But I prefer to be your bro'
Get over him & find someone who isn't such an indecisive ass?
f*** these stupid rules of cheating,have a life for f***s sake!!
you just have to play your cards just right , so you do not look like the bad guy.
go to your yahoo mailbox---and then click on --or look for a yahoo avatar and crate it yourself----its free---
If This is her first time...READ UP!
i do want to hurt his feelings...
guys like to hear about your feelings.
If they don't want to sleep with you.
All though if there is no trust in a relationship , you shouldn't be in it!
do you think I 'm wasting my time?
What a marraige that would have been, Yikes.
i do I HATE my sister-in-law..well 's . I hate that Bi$#&
I hate it , but he feels his sisters understand because there are girls.
you could ask him if he could ask you to mary him.. wow!
no~ they aren't pigs :o they are dogs~
My wife devorced me over a stupid kiss.
anniversary: Paper 2nd: anniversary: Cotton 3rd: anniversary: Leather Who started those?
They have nice paper at office supplies stores, I even got some nice paper at Walmart.
show that you have an interest in her!
hanging out one on one with guys you're attracted to, soon enough you'll find one you really like.
Big fan of Corinth 13 here.
Sexy is knowing what you got and being proud of it.
sure as hell , not a capricorn
beware girl be careful , so careful
Find a rich athletic cute chick.
Did Did you ever think about just coming and asking her?
He says he loves me and that I was the best girlfriend and friend he has ever had.
:) And by the way - my husband is right - some people don't have a sense of humor!
Who the hell died and made him the boss of you?
Get out there and talk with men.
if he doesnt love you , he will ignore you.
I am a 15 - year old female and I just want to know if it is normal to mast-ur-bate
U might as well end your GFmisery.
so , just tell him . I bet he'll feel better if you do.
NO you SHOULD CALL HIM BUT you should BREAK UP WITH HIM!!!
but she probably wants to trust you any more!
lol these people that answer your question because they are funny.
well, I would suggest an AA meeting but you aren't an alcoholic!
at 1st , you get weird kinda undescribeble feelings most of the time.
where the seat is up and then pee on that gross!
maybe give him a little husband/wife time alone together!
Height is irrelevant - I'm a straight guy & would therefore say no!
Every guy kept coming up to me . It was nasty.
Or she can get over it.
a huge amount of red roses that will make her cry out!
smash your head to a wall, then put on the stupid helmet and never take it off
if he really is the best friend , it wo come between them ( with a little preparation of course)
well first off....how old are the two of you?
You don't have much trust in him?
if your looking for a guy online , there gotta be something wrong with ya
But it be off your mind.
LIFE DOES NOT REVOLVE AROUND RELATIONSHIPS!!!!
And I don't do it for sex either, heck I'm still a virgin.
Is it sex, kissing, or what?
Seriously, I don't understand why guys do that.
'm A GIRL , SO NO AND I HAVE NEVER SEEN IT BEFORE!!
my advice, just build up the confidence to just talk to him.
If you . He already has your name/id.
girl age is nothing but a number.
your just go ahead and let him know.
new friends, a boyfriend, the breakup... they changed my year.
Rock and a hard spot there aren't you?
n soon I might not have friends anymore . I do want that to happen!
Plus you will have unexpected fun!
trying a local bi chat room .
do what the lead vocal says , but you go 90 and she goes 10
Like, she's really got a crush on you!
So , choose men with emotions , not the cool - like type if you want stability.
I wouldn't if you want to keep your marriage.
love her more...it will reflect back!!
when your in love , you know it.
You better think long and hard .
simple, Can you remember if, when you were getting married, did he blow in the best man 's ear?
for a good outlook on dating/life, Here is something for you to read.
Sex is very important . If she has waited this long , then ca she wait longer.
Obviously if she is cheating behind her husband's back... she doesn't want him to know.
Everybody only lives once, you make the best of your life, because it only comes one time around.
If she won't listen to you tell her parents.
Did he break up with you because you are fat?
Who cares if you go to school with your sister.
Your best bet...act like you don't like her anymore.
Is she in love with you at all?
Are you going out with her now?
Most men love beer and laughter!
nobody says it 's easy to get over the sum 1 you love , but hun ur gunna have 2 day!!sssss
always and it could be vise and you could like someone , even if you have a boyfriend
Give it a few more years . It's going to come to you
Okay , well first off , don't ever be nervous around her, even if she thinks it's adorable.
If one person can't do it for some reason , then the other one should.
look down when we are talking?
yup there is definitely good porn and bad porn.
do new things, suprise her a lot.
How often should I email my lover ouside z countery?
Then go out and have some fun!
love who you are and how you look .
but do fal head over heels just yet!
u will never get a g-friend with an attitude like that!
it's better to break it up if there is no love anymore.
I actually have a similar prob.
the person will just come unexpectedly.
yea babies make great graduation presents.
Only you & the guy you like
PM me anytime you sound like a sweetheart.
What if they like you too?
Why do women lie about cheating?.........
Who's Sadie Hawkins....hahaha Just kidding, call and ask!
2 really embaress him asking in front of all his friends.
I said yes and didnt even know his name till after I agreed.
YOU'LL KNOW WHAT IT IS WHEN IT HAPPENS.
Get around a lot and have FUN.
I'm trying to be nice but it's pissing me off a lot.
uh oh, bored woman syndrome again
This is just too much for some men.
If He likes gay porn, he is gay.
I know what I want and stick to it.
Men have the tendency to suck.
You MUST watch the movie Wedding Crashers.
Oh Yeah it is all true.
and enjoying your life now . cz sometimes love hurts!good luck sweety!
If You want or don't want to have some kind of relationship with him/her after sex.
yes,oh yes it is just the best,u can never regret it.
........Because,they think it makes them look bad in front of their guy friends
No need to specify where you are working.
Sexy is your feeling inside, then it comes out in your body language!
you probably want until you are older.
A girl loves compliments , just don't over do it . That kinda creepy sometimes.
be a loser chicks dig that
if you really want to know , then ask him.
My boyfriend lives far away, and 've done some bad things.
Just so you know, I am virtually certain that LeftFishJet was trying to be funny!
an added heart and such to it too for that extra added love ;)
you found him, but they both mean the same thing
I 'm married and I cheated on my husband with his sister.
he's just on top of me.
sending him something he can keep it to Remimber u...
You really do know this guy . You know it too.
BFF stands for BEST FRIENDS FOREVER
- b/c some girls are concerned too and judge them.
provided that there are interesting people like me invited to the wedding too , to keep the convo flowing!
The best way to ask her out
Yeah but you have to know where to look . Try myspace and sconex
Whoever you pick, she'll be happy.
because they want to make sure it troo big for the female v a g i n a
I think it is a great idea!
But you should get his full name , address and phone number, whatever info you can get.
I hate to say it girls, but we complain, persuade, and some cry too much.
Be yourself, If they don't like you for who you are, then you do not want to be anyway
i just think that maybe people are too impacient.
you control the emotions.............pretty gutsy and adventurous huh
For a guy that is perfect
Yes.I'm 10 and I have boyfriends.
do be shy , walk up to her and tel her how she feel.
but lately, with this new person that I am dating , I don't need the fantasy.
be yourself and try to be someone you do not.
And, I'm proud of it baby!
and You would want to talk to that person a lot.
I never met them , just talked as friends, Was I wrong . I 'm not sure?
i am 25 now, and I remember being a flower girl 3 times.
Yea how old are you though and be prepared if he says NO!
That's OK if ya just want to be called Pat.
Hurting her will not solve anything.
only If a person is planning on cheating , then it would be wrong.
I Would JUST SAY CALL AND SAY WHAT IS UP?
Blah~ Blah~ blahhhh~ why do you grow some hair ? Then we will talk about this stupid question
listening . I always say forget other people do what I wanna do.
When I got married , my mother told both of us that marriage was 50/50.
it Well it depends on where you live . I guess
Meaning, they love you no matter what.
I hate receiving oral, but I LOVE performing it on my husband... yum!
talk with your parents, then talk to the girl
teenagers with babies is so fun.
you to meet women,the bible says , so
Open your mind ... revenge can cost you another heartached!!!
I for one, refuse to take out the trash...that's just me.
put on some lipstick and wow him with your charm!!
yah sHould wAit till they brEakup... then be a cryingshoulder to her.....
actually he does not go in at all.
a room with a jacuzzi tub.
the a 6 and am afraid of 7 because 789
only those who want you also.
I'm a guy, I would know.
Ur not shallow, you just know what you want.
you just have to talk to him and decide which is which for your relationship
i think if you really want to know , ask your parents.
always There are such good things we should learn!
I kinda messed up the procession and then I was grumpy the rest of the day.
bad boys = abusive relationships macho guys deff turn me off!
if he/she says no , then you just save yourself some heartache.
How you know it's him if you don't date? him
aren't you the dude who likes to chew on mice's necks??
To me, sexy is not just people 's looks.
so ask him then if he says no , get over it!
What is wrong with this picture.
I don't think men HAVE to lie about cheating.
Interesting idea....but no, I don't think so.
is real people , real deals , people fear
i am figuring you are in 7th or 8th grade.
today . I date older guys, I'm 31, and my boyfriend is 4 years
thats why lots of marriages last 50 years.
so just ask your mom if you can date him.
I I I would like to possibly meet you.
yes , but be careful , though you don't want personal things to get out (trust me) ;)
Either you love her or you don't.
make sure you actually bump into him so you can smile and say sorry ... then start talking..
that is one of the criteria we look for a guy!
Ahhh ok thanks for sharing I guess??????
You sure are full of yourself!
Because most guys can see better than they can think, lol.
I think you should ask him,and then see what you do
Those wouldn't do you any good.
I used to own a Jewelry store and I would never buy it on the internet... buy it locally.
no way in hell , he is like 235, not even on a good day
nothing except say hi or pretend I didnt recognize him.depends the breakup .
Give it your best shot, I guess.
So he'll be willing to forget about the lies .. Best of wishes for your relationship :)
Read some of the books I listed below.
Some girls just do not like that at all
I think I 'm in love with my bf and he feels the same but I don't know
People don't get irony, do they...it is very subtle, and most people do
people enjoy a fun person , not a shy or self - contained hermit, hope this helps......jon
Then just give it to her.
We are friends but I really want to go out with her!
Trust me, you won't want a man that much older.
both men and women, just more things to talk about
I never did the dress, cake etc.
DON'T GET MUSHY IN THE LETTER!!
Try online dating, but avoid signing up for a username like the one you use here.
then say you would like to take him.
It really was TONS cheaper for us!!!
maybe but I don't know it sounds like it might be love .
Yea, I learned what my girlfriends and I refer to as Bedroom Grandstanding OH OH GOD!!!
ANYTHING, AS LONG AS YOU BOTH ENJOY IT and IT'S SAFE.
Send out invitations, do the whole big thing you are dreaming of and deserves to come true!!
little upset.. coz had a fight with my husband
Invest in a vibrator called the Rabbit (a little practice & who needs a man!)
If your a hateful person be nicer.
playing with someelse toys ;)
Ask question- Can I imagine my life with this person in 5, 10, 30 years?
Make it really easy on her part and that you are not expecting anything and you'll be fine :)
Guys think the penis is the best thing ever.
Well The same goes with the gals as well!
Eloped, didn't have a big thing, and on their 10th yr, had the full ceremony and a reception.
We've got your back........now go conquer this problem!
OK, have you met him on the internet?????
and I do have a jacket!
and At that time , porn comes into the picture and helps.
But if she doesnt know..just wait it out!
How can you ever really trust them?
I guess it is for some guys.
There are GREAT guys out there!
What is she nagging you about the info? Is Is
Never tell her you like her.
I've couldn't been so happy.
it all depends on your type of friends.
Ive had the same thing happen, I told her to get lost!
Girl think he is a nice guy , girls want him to be a nice MAN.
Good luck and have a happy balloon day!
And When you find him, you'll know.
I still don't have mine & it has been years!
it takes a mature woman to give this to her man.
when you are really go with the person because of the looks
sometimes they use it for other purposes, irregular periods,etc.
Blow him a kiss and then say , So, what's up.
So do you think I 'm in love?
Other than what movies and food she likes?
...... are you chatting without your wifey pooh??
you should totally stay with him.
her name is Skye P. real nice to me
if He wants to come . Are you sure you want him?
3.Your just boring that poor girl to death!
so get one of your mates to do the same . The worst he could do is turn you down
every position.....cant think of a bad one .
Would anyone mind telling me what true love is because every time I think I have it, I don't
He didn't do it all the time.
I stand up for myself,my hubby and our son!
let them control your life or your in for a lot of problems.
I honestly believe that white guys can get more black girls than they think.
guys certainly get carried away by the beautiful initially.. you know.. lust at first sight.. that is very common!
but as time went on, things changed and it happened all too fast.
So lighten up, girlies, boys DO act pretty ignorant, but they are not done yet.
(let go)SHE IS STARTING A NEW LIFE.
1. a warm bed (no, not the sex, just a warm bed.)
Just try to keep away from him if you are sick, like other people have said.
no not at all , everybody does it.
If she says she does not have one, then you can come back later and ask her out.
Move away... If her eyes are still closed , kiss her again.
If She is your mom . She can do what she wants
guys will be guys . All men look at other women , just like women look at other men.
well , First off , if you are a true friend , you should convicne her to wait.
But, Do you want a friend like that anyway?
I find it much easier NOT to cheat or lie.
age by nuthin but a number
say Hi, have a mutual friend that you trust introduce you.
Easy stuff, I do it all the time!
You can not help it that mature men want you.
boys do have hot butts and they like the fact that girls do .
have a nice dinner out with yourself or someone special.
Well, if you both have the proper anatomy , I suppose it might be possible .
All he cares about is getting his peter wet, If he cared about you he would be showing it.
You're still 14 and there are a lot of great things out there , not just one girl.
What was it like to be a flower girl?
they know you are going to beat there @$$ if they tell you they did.
you have him and she's jealous of that.
yea I do see why , not as long as you werent tryin to get in her pants
If you don't think you did anything wrong, then it your reality you didn't.
i heard many good things about the Italian people.
This is just me, but I think you should go out looking for love.
If he is the right person . He would mind waiting until he married
I do like bars or dance clubs.
He needs you now more than ever!
its really not that hard, come on don't be a baby.
I do not believe in destiny.
listening to girls . Boys always try to get a joke even when its not funny.
Her first time will hurt...do you know what you 're doing?
They like American and European guys.
Maybe People will think about this and take this as usual after 10 or 20 yrs.
now he and I are like best friends.
if you end up together, then great :) but take it one day at a time.
`` ask you the question , what do I feel about him
or maybe you are not home.
Do what you need to do and stop worrying about what your Ex thinks.
Why do you want to hurt someone that you love(d)once in your life?
Yiea its true, what can you do to prevent it?
it happens, and what you say about love is true.
ithink every one is good in their own way.
If you are busy doing housework and just feel like it....TOO BAD.
the It depends on how you carry the relationship into the future .
killing her boyfriend ha ha ha ha
Yes it is OK. If you are sure of yourself , you don't care.
I went to a club and got one and it was superfun.
Because black men are sooooooooooooooooo hot!
honestly , You are too young.
- it has 2 b long enough to penetrate from the rear position - 2 compete with other guys
if you like , I shall be friend.
yes if you guys are really close , but not if you aren't
Personally, I don't mind mama's boys.
I hate guys that only want to be around me.
to 23. sounds like the right ahe .
I don't mind it, I think it's cute.
I trying to date someone older and it didn't work.
If you haven't listened to it and take notes.
Chances are better if they're both gay!
But It takes a few screw ups.
But don't feel bad, most adults don't know the difference either~!
with someone that I LOVE and CARE about !I say no to SOULLESS sex!
I'd stop talking to a guy right
I guess men are giving out the wrong impression.
and most guys that wanna go out with me are just after my virginity Wot should I do?
Just try and see what happens.
wit me and my friends, We used to b MAD close!
There There There are a lot of phony ladies and guys out there.
do ask, If they do , you will know.
look in the phone book for the family name.
If he gets mad at you for asking , then break up with him.
almost Every guy wants to get in your pants.
- It shows that you have noted something about HER!
yeah..i agree with Cutecurl Gal...itz true!
Most boys are bold , but they wait for the signal from the girl to take the move .
Some like really sloppy with a lot of saliva, and others find it really gross.
Take her to the movies and show her a good time...she should totally fall for you
I absolutely dispise my ex-mother inlaw!!!!!
and Then I went and told my mom the great news.
!Embrace & polish all your interest..like lets say you like reading!!!
IF YOU WANT TO TALK TO HIM , THEN YOU SHOULD JUST DO IT.
if they do invite you , you invite yourself.
First of all..........did you ever get your girlfriend out from under the truck?
Oh my God, Are you a 3rd grader or something?
It if It your good , but your family is not good . . . It also makes a big problem.
Plus, when we are in our teenage years, we don't really know what love is!!!
i ask this once and Tyey say its normal not doing it is not normal.. not every day ...
shouldnt it be the same for women.
to give him love and prosperity
Just be easy and walk lightly.
I love her son and that is what matters!
(I've heard of that phrase before and it does seem to work...)
he's a guy... there will be many , many , many more.
Was I wrong, because I actually thought she owed me an explanation.
I never break up with anyone, I am not judging and I am accepting.
Well you could start e-mailing me
maybe if she is your sixth cousin once removed?
DON'T WANT TO RUIN THEIR FRIENDSHIP, BUT DON'T WANT TO KEEP DEALING W/HIM
make sure you tell her at every opportunity that you love her, and do never go to bed angry.!!!
we have two children together , one son, one girl.
If he leaves you because your fat , then lose some weight . Then we'll talk
So I felt really bad, because she was really hot .
so yes , they can be just friends .
maybe using them to satisfy yourself????
not gay, unless if you are imagining doing it with a guy
if your 13 and you have found your true love . Dont worry . you have plenty of time.
My ideal guy is Someone that iS WILLING TO WAIT and someone thAt iS WILLING TO MAKE A SACRIFICE...
Why does my ex boyfriend care who I talk to if they are not together anymore??
this depends on the girl and her relationship status.
I even cried when she died and I was only 11.
You have to be happy w/ yourself.
Do what is good for you!
do not include religious ideas ,
i didnt mean to ramble this much, sorry.
IF HE DOESN'T THEN HE REALLY LIKES YOU
I don't think looking at porn is cheating.
then you can see what she says.
Look for someone in the room standing alone and looking around....thats most likely your target!
are you looking for fun and exciting but non-longterm?
YOU CAN TELL ONLY BY THE WAY SHE LOOKS AT YOU AND WHAT SHE SACRIFICES FOR THE RELATIONSHIP
if she says no , then ask her out.
It sounds like you've got a good guy.
especially if it's with someone we love and know the right moves.
i like a guy that doesnt care about what a girl looks like.
Anyway, I love looking at my own breasts now.
you can see guys ' sincerity through it.
Maybe he had to , but he still didn't want to leave you.
I hope you didn't take offence
but hey, as long as they are just looking and touching , I do see anything too harmful about that...
I married my best friend and our sex life is STILL Fabulous after 5 years!
I treat them exactly the same way I do anyone without HIV!
Again You don't need to convince your b/f that you don't talk to guys.
you are too good for all that crap.
you have to be smart and witty, a great sense of humor.
so in either of these places , you know their lifestyle
thinking about your safety and your kids ' safety quickly .
and I do how do I go about doing this?
At least wait until you're not jail bait.
But he still stares at me like he luvs my looks or something!
Most of my friends are guys , but I have issues with women
or is it rong to go out with my ex's bff so soon after the break up?
PLEASE FIGURE IT OUT..CAUSE IF YOU are GOING TO GET HURT REALLY badly
well I say you should just go for it.
I 'm wondering about GOING IF SHE will GOES , because I 'm SCARED OF HER GOING ALONE!
Sure, he wants it cuz he thinks it's hot.
i getting married in June 2006. What colors would look nice for that month??
watch their eye*s when asking them questions . . If they look up and to the left , there is usually lying.
:-) jk yeah, go for it...
As was mentioned earlier, Hey, what's up works wonders.
at one time , I didn't, and despaired that I would find anyone to love me.
the middle school , 6th grade , high grade grade or 5th or 4th grade .
If anyone has any idea what I 'm going through ? Please let me know..thanks..
Why do you want to stop, it is great, sex with someone you love.
And you should not ONLY BLAME WoMEN!
you know what they say if he loves you , he'll come back!
any position . I love them all
if you are lucky enough to find a nice guy, you n't want to stay with him anyways.
keep an open mind, and please be careful and smart if you do want to get hurt by some guy.
Here'e mine: First quit thinking about women all the time..there everywhere!!
There are a ton of guys out there.
n't make the mistakes I made.
you have to be happy with yourself .
just hold him down and kiss his face
It just happened when I least expected it.
THATS NOT ALWAYS THE CASE . Sometimes THE BOY SES IT FIRST
confidence shines bright, no matter what your size!!
Hey I was just wondering what your opinion is on why men cheat.
im sure they are good at love, but people are good at love too.
Actually That 's really sad if she can't find anyone outside of her family
do you have a zoo, or some sort of museum
Now I don't know where you live , but here parents don't name their girls Frank.
Be gentle, You don't wanna hurt her by doing your stuff
if your kids still want to befriend him , tell them to hang out without you.
dude I think she likes men
actually As soon as you marry him , you can file for his legalization.
I honestly don't think he likes me that much because he won't even really hug me.
Hope this is useful Good Luck!
because he still has feelings and he thinks that he still has right over you
like when she does something Rong again spaz!
if he wants you back , you should totally say yes.
moving on is the best thing I suggest.
Monkeys, cows, sheep . There are lots of them that do.
all the guys ive have been unfaithful or have lost a bet
the no alcohol I get, but no dancing...what a drag.
I never have and I never will!
czz I have a boyfriend .how long have you gone out?
i love it and I will not change it .
think about your feelings and give yourself a chance with the other chick.
so I can't give you any further tips , but Good Luck!!
Girly version: Best friends forever boy version: big fat fart
Don't tell him you love him!
well not unless you know when they are lying or not...hope this helps...
So, just be open and tell her you like her.
If you think bad about your chatting about it sooner.
Why ARE YOU EVEN ASKING THAT question ?
If he is not up to that, then he's not the right one.
you could do something that everyone likes.
if your bi try to go straight.
Some like those clingy guys and some like guys who are laid back.
just tell her that he is not interested in her.
You don't even really know him , but you're already dreaming of marrying him.
i know this because I found out the hard way
make sure you let her down easily.
Or for the guys who await in a long line their time to get one with you
I hope not, that would be horrible!
just as friends , but deeper , because they are married so they probably love that person.
If I feel it is right for my family . I do it!
My advice would be to not worry about it.
If he would ask I would go out with him again.
If you are with a yeargirl . That is a problem for you
It's her job and she treats it as such
however some really stupid as with anything.
You WILL make it through this!
but you know, sometimes it's good to fight about stupid things.
Hang out with him and try to make look like you want to be more than friends.
u can be friends with them or break up , then go
lol I'm just a simple girl that doesn't ask for material items- just physical and emotional ones .
True love is nothing but sharing and sacrifice.its all about living with a person who ca live
love is one of those feelings you just know.
Haven't done it yet (I'm 16 now).
Start by getting rid of that bun!
And here is a big tip!
If I want it hit, I'll gladly guide you there :-)
when the newest girl in our group is around , 'm just pushed aside and ignored.
I KNOW BUT HE IS SO SEXY!!!!
You can not and will not ever know.
baby , You need a man to solve your issues.
Of Of course , you should never forget caring about your body language ;)
If I didn't do it, I wouldn't want him to resent me for it later on.
(my wonderful boyfriend is 39, btw)
Not my style of living, and is it cheating?
now if a female cheated on a man, they're hoes!
like I say girl is interested!!!!
As long she says yes, what the f*** his BF.
I just tell her that it's flattering, but he is too young.
Don't worry if you don't have this decided yet.
and verbally explaining it to him that should make his head turn
Hey you answered my question but never gave me your email address to
me and my friends do seem as close anymore.
All you have to do is remember what it was like for you @ that age.
it's all part of growing up
My heart was broken twice...by the same guy.
Try being nice to someone you like.
Don't put labels on it or he may get scared.
I THINK IT IS WEIRD THOUGH
yes , especially if you want children ,
didnt think they did those anymore.
if it doesn`t you`ll screw everything up just by giving a simple comment.
Or You just have not kissed the right girl yet.
have by trying to looking at new Hampshire
go and tell him the truth with sorry.
lol... I spyed on my ex and turns out that he was cheating on me.
Just be friends with her first.
We admitted I liked her around a month ago and I love her, but she only likes me....any tips?
just say sorry and I made a mistake andi do mean what I said and maybe he'll take you back
It sounds like you're fantasizing a lot about him.
believe it or not, but most people do think about this....but it could be your breath...really.
Gals, it's not like a guy trying to find the hidden and TINY G-spot!
I n't make friends easily either , but I notice that I make friends more when I smile at people
Is there anyway that this could actually be fun?
Say You know what might be fun to try one time?
Wrong....how do you know your ex still loves you ? He already has a new girl....
age is a state of mind...
brains is a big thing in my book.
'm not a lesbian(or a girl for that matter) but lesbians do turn me on ;) tonydatiger1990@yahoo.com
girls, They understand you better and can connect with you more when you have problems.
but if you don't really know him , then get to know him first , then answer.
nothing..its hard to find a good guy these days..i feel for you
Love letters, little surprises, something that shows him how much you think of him and how much you care.
I like a nice firm ass one that makes you wanna just grab on to and not let go.
Obviously Some people are destined to be alone, but I hope it 's not YOU!
But just what kind of job.
But don't wait around for him to ask you.
it kinda felt like we just did it on a whim, and it wasnt that nice.
For me its who I,m with now...my hubby....we got married last August and he,s just my life!
if So it's ok tobe scared just finding out why it is the next step babe.
here . I am just an e-mail away
yep... be careful of the addiction =)...lol
Is it a problem for you that they are girls?
How old did you tell him you are?
just waiting till you are 18 . It the best thing for you, and for him.
This is for a scavenger hunt , like on the movie sleepover .
Tell her parents or a teacher...
some parents are OK with that, so good luck
BECAUSE SIZE ALWAYS MATTER BUT IT MATTERS HOW HE TREATS YOU AND HOW YOU REALLY FEEL ABOUT HIM
There are other times that I see her staring at me, out of the corner of my eye.
just say to heri think I am falling in love with you.
easy, do the humpty dumpty........hump rather then dump her
i really need help with this because I do know how to tell this person I LOVE HIM!
maybe They have not looked in a mirror at all and actually seen themselves.....
Cause you date guys who are jerks???
because men at that age want to feel that they are still young.
Yes this is perfectly normal . Everybody does it at this age .
So tell me about you`re other bitches
Well if the guy likes you, then I do think he is going to listen to your ex.
Its harmless unless your bf is seeing that person!!!
if that doesnt work , try taking yourself out of the situation.
If this is a must have, tell him, THIS IS A MUST HAVE!
trying to work if that's possible.
Not no juncky like the guys in Boys N Da Hood.
I The I guy I 'm really interested in likes me a lot also.
Maybe you can learn something from my husband:)
If that doesn't work, try asking nicely .
i do think kids that are young should be experimenting sexually
thats your own property, and especially if you are just interested in him...thats way too much to do!!!
She said, If you want your marriage to FAIL, then go in the chat rooms!
they find behind expensive jeans and shirts.
when he stops calling you or lack of showing any other kind of interest in you , like being distant!
Can some one tell me!does love really exist?
and girls will spread rumors about you to make you 2 break up.
NO GET OVER IT AND HAVE A BEER
Well all I can say is that you need to get over it.
and like athletes . Most of my friends agree with me, except my lezbein friends, Of course
It's not that I don't like her . It's just I want time to think and be alone for a-while
the back yard for a BBQ.
Second I have very little money right now but it is getting better.
PLUS - You don't have to change their diapers or pay for college!
What CAN I DO TO BECOME CLOSER TO HIM?
And the funniest thing that happened
And If you get scared and panic anyway, the right guy will run after you.
mmm It 's hard to remember..i thought when I was a child
OMG.. not that far.... 15 years ago is OK, but 22...... eerrr.... no comment
uses the advace search tool bars and enter in your zip code
All girl wanted to do was s*h*a*g guy.
I am in love and I couldn't imagine fantasizing about anyone but him.
i want to have sex online
if you need to get his attention , forget it!!!
yes and you can have him to take your last name if you want . I did
Yes my dad is white and my mom is black .
just be yourself and certainly don't pretend to be something your not liars always get found out.
do you like it when a guy is always on point, at the drop of a dime, always willing?
But You ARE HEARTBROKEN and unhappy without one!
Don't pretend to be someone you're not.
I don't care if it is making love or fucking!
She really cares about him too.
It was my ex that did that.
i lost my virginity when I was 15 and I have thought about it ever since!
I was a maid of honor and it was sooooooooo fun.
There There are a lot of signs of being in love.
have a few sleep over and invite him to join you guys .
I need to heal and get over it..how?
If his behaviour upsets you . Who cares what it's called?
he'll know they are not interested anymore.
duh- flirt more than they do.
If it feels good, do it!
Of course , That would be nice , but some people get sucked into peer pressure .
listen 2 The 1st Lady I agree .
treating him right the way you would want to be treated
Does SHE out with this... ahem.
Only lot of the time , guys do not like a girl because she looks fat.
man to be able to show it though.
JUST BE HAPPY you HAVE A PERFECT RELATIONSHIP AND RESPECT HOW HE FEELS
They They They either love you or they don't.
The guy will not get turned off.
It Sounds like she's pregnant to me.
Enjoy life, soon you will BE 40 - something LOL:-)
OK now about your new issue.
HE'S REALLY QUIET AND LOVES TO PLAY PS2.
I do the majority of the housework...not because I have to but because I just do. it
My girlfriend's older sister had the same problem.
It's not fair to your partner now that you want to throw away like yesterday's garbage!!!!
(JUST KIDDIND) JUST GO EASY ON THEM.THEY R THE BEST IN THE WAY THEY R.AFTERALL NOT EVERYONE R!!
there really isnt anyway for you to do it yourself.
i know how to say 'm sorry in Japanese not Chinese
but if you are into real freaky stuff...whos to say what is good and bad.
i mean if you your gonna be 18 this year?
If you find the answer . Please let me know!!
I 'm n't EXPECTING IT SINCE ITS BEEN A WHILE SINCE I 've BEEN IN LOVE.
no Thanx You might be very rich . You gonna pay for the calls if they come from very far? away .
That means no begging, whining, or crying.
Why do you want a boyfriend so badly ?
-Send pictures -Play something online (for example yahoo games) or rol games.
well if you think it is cheating
First we must set something straight...NOT ALL WOMEN ARE UNFAITHFUL!
you , When you are older , you have other things to think about , then dating.
don't expect too much at first when you're not so sure coz I'm afraid that you might be hurt.
you to do something about it.
really though, I wouldn't push anything.
2 years ago , I think.. Yeah and I just changed my avatars clothes!
Only 2 irresponsible 14 year olds can have sex out of wedlock cuz they ca get married.
), but we each have our own BF/GF.
Am a female and most of my friends are guys!
shes quiet, pretty, and has a nice body, and she kind of whines but hardly enough to notice.
If you truly love a man a bit extra (!?!?!)
Eye contact means so much and someone with kind looking eyes just draws me to them.
her: 16 me: That is not a good idea.
i have a question: Why are YOU a whimp?
Here you say your baby's Daddy ran off.
What the best way to ask a girl out?
with what someone said , then you two can have a long talk
Then WE MET . I WAS KINDA INTERESTED.
Stupid in the sense of what?
Keep yourself busy with work and things you enjoy...heck, take up a hobby...then your time will be productive.
I am 15. My friend wants me to go to these guys 's apartment with her.
Now...What will you be thinking the next time he's 10 minutes late?
Love brings light upon your life .
A body that doesn't stop does not hurt at all!!
What I mean is be where he is and talk.
I've always thought the town was just gross, But I never really knew.
I DID TELL HIM THIS ALSO, BUT HE JUST KEEPS (I GUESS) TRYING.
Just remember what ur ex di and how badly it hurt you, when you see him/her.
think were close but I do feel close to her at all.
English helps this a LOT!
Do you have any guy friends?
Try to become a dream prince first....because when you find her , she will desire the same.
you can't stop thinking about them (dreams, space outs ,etc.)
its know how he didnt give into peer pressure .
when you love someone , Are there any signs if your partner does not love you anymore?
Cheer up boo, there are a lot of men out there.
Im not saying to wait for marriage....Im just saying make sure you both are on the same page!
be yourself, smile and say hi .
find someone who truly deserves your love
my my post . add in your question about your choice . First my first choice , then second and last , 3rd choice
Sorry, that last question is kinda cheezy, but you get the point!!
I think it's always funny when guys say girls are complicated.
i hate someone and I wont be surprised if I killed him !!!
its more than a good time ya know!
guys and girls make the best friends and girls -not so much (too much arguing).
saying Hi how 2 days I've seen before but I don't remember where ...
I once got told that if you think about it, then it would happen.
If you know what you were doing, you should not be guided to the G spot...lol.
abolutely 100% yes you are too young!
pouring honey,whipped cream, and chocolate syrup on her and lick it all off?
THE TURN OF A HEAD OR A SIMPLE SMILE CAN DO IT.
But you have to be cool with it.
ask him if you think so , then probably
who would you rather believe your home gurl (who has lied to you)or your guy?
take lots of very cold showers...
i have not fallen in love yet,well that is what my mom thinks!
It REBOUNDS , It hurts like a basketball smacking your ear hard.
you only need to surround yourself with people who show you they care, every
jus something I thought of... what are your thoughts on that?
Can you imagine how bad it would feel if your husband wanted to be best friends with his EX??
going to find a date on the internet yahoo CHAT
no it 's not cheating, it 's a freaking computer screen gets over it .
He flirt with me a lot and says that I'm a cutie.
A pair of your perfumed sexy panties.
LIKE THE PERSON AS YOUR VALENTINE.
But he's chatting or looking at porn.
only line with no other ties , just cyber sxxx
But if he only says that over texting, isn't that OK?
spend lot more time with him
i used to have penpals too , but I got tired of reading and writing
probably because we have different tastes in life partners.
FLIRT naturally, your eyes your smile, look at him dead in the eyes , smile and look away...it works!
you need to pay for something like 5 dollars a minute
bullet in the head by Rage again the machine :)
good thing about porn is it gets me hornier...so I took it out of my wife.
My heart had been broken more than once...
Hell yes there are...Beauty is to be found everywhere and turning about is fair these days I figure....
people that have been married for more than 5 years or have kids
and maybe just tell him and see what he does.
and If she loved you, she would not be unfaithful.
AND You WANT TO BE CAUGHT IN THE MIDDLE
i think the best way is to talk to her !
i for one , would never cheat!
ask yourself.. .. .. Why?
life is not too long to wait 4 sth, so be the 1st one to say it.
now , if it goes more then that then they are truly sorry .
maybe cause he thinks you're sexy.
and he does not want you to find that out!
HE'S PROBABLY SCARED OR HAS BEEN CHEATING AND DOESN'T KNOW WHAT TO DO.
Good luck, and many more years to you both!
If you try hard to find someone perfect , you can find him , for example!!!!
they are a) gay b) super gay c) mega gay d) or the chick got knocked up.
Well you have 2 ask Urself y u love Sum 1 who can say they do love you!!
Ask her and DON'T TOUCH HER.
Now I knew NOTHING about this until much later.
should approach him or make a letter easier .
you should never date your friends brother!
tell her to wear a padded bra . Can you vote for my answer the best???????
if u r gay, don't force other men like us to have a relationship
My hubby and son are totally worth it!
Ok it depends on the guy.
Because all boys AND MEN are stupid!!
AND IF HIS SISTER IS NOT YOUR FRIEND , THEN YOU'LL HAVE TO MAKE HER YOUR FRIEND.
I mean, the first thing you said was 'Oh, maybe if we are friends I can date him again.'
Top Ten: 1. something he likes 3.
Bono from U2, if he weren't married.
DO NOT HAVE SOMEONE ELSE ASK FOR YOU!!!
i'd say 2 or 3 times a week.
just remember there is nothing wrong with love .
Just don't ask him to be your bf, Guys just hate it when you do it for them.
at 13 , you should just enjoy life, and not worry about finding love, because love finds you,
yeah - have a plan to take her to nice places and have a good time.
!i do want to sit on that.
NO IT'S NOT LET HIM COME you
A store owner would never rip you off...
If you truly love this person , then matter you are fighting over, then you need to fix it.
Don't give up, it will happen!
i think it is mainly just habit...and habits can be broken.
let me demonstrate: Hey whats up?
you ca just tell by looking at a girl if she is selfish or not.
they really tell you if you have a connection or not.
because they do know any better .
Breasts, well.... that is a tough call for me again . It depends
yes , but remember that you don't lose him/her
It seems like I always have a crush on someone...it's like a hobby.
going meet em at church dude
Besides you will have lots more crushes in your life , so don't sweat it be happy!
give them a diamond or do it every night
Maybe you should tell them... Your friend won't like it, but it could save her life...
but there is another thing - nobody is perfect,including me.so I`m searching.....
My hubby sides with her sometimes, but I don't care what she thinks!
Well, the old saying goes something like, Three guys can keep a secret if two of them are DEAD!
ill just give you a source.
i 'm 13 and I know exactly what you are talking about.
Hmm... it certainly looks like she's interested in you.
yea.but who is he.but it depends on your age.
Don't do it for that reason.
looking around..there is always somebody out there for someone..chances are your match is asking the same question.
Oh, don't ding me because you said 'materialistic' first.
Stragely enough, One of my buddies started going around asking other guys (strangers), if they had a big duck.
Guys don't want a lot of sentimental crap...they just want you.
Is and Is he like you mad?
try to be sure it is the easiest road.
I know how you feel... Good luck girl
He need to knock this crap off and act like a man!
The The last thing is not to be a big loser pig.
let her know you are interested in her
FUNNY QUESTION DARLING!Y R U BEING STUPID ASKING SUCH QUESTIONS?
Even the husband I have now cheated on me.
Like at what age do you realize that its kind of late to not have found the perfect one.
Well, I don't know why others do it, but I don't.
I am, (I'm a girl and I'm only sixteen.)
Be just a little late...But better be fashionably late!
love can make you see the stars , see all the good and not the bad.
try talking about sports or something.
i could do it if I were you, Why would you want a piercing down there??
Its this need to breed that probably drives men to 'cheat.'
And do not pick him up after
um a lil late work for me because that is what I always am.
Friends: Those who like you forever if you make mistakes.
if your younger at 16 , then you wo marry him.
No matter... what's important it doesn't spread.
IF LOVE IS ALL YOU NEED IS another COMPANY.
THEY SOMETIMES WON'T TALK TO ME BECAUSE I WOULD INTIMIDATE THEM WITH MY LOOKS.. SERIOUS ANSWER!!
His friend told him I was going to go with some other guy, and he didn't care.
If they are, then it's worth waiting for!
yes if you love each other
that does not sound like a lot , but when you are talking about things like this , it is big.
you to smile at her.. or try to become friends with her.
But they sure are hot though.
That is one's opinion and I don't think I'm a whimp.
BUT I AM LOOKING forward TO IT, JUST NOT EXPECTING IT.
depends on what you do with them.
flowers is always a preacious gift...
Try taking a nice hot bath.
no It is just when you are not one , you find flaws in what you do not understand.
She gets angry too often and does lots and lots of things which I like.
her: I know him better than you do, 've talked to him.
you both call & both write send cute things through the mail . Just keep doing it all the time.
guys ... after what do you consider a female a smut?
As an Asian man I said YES and NO!!
Good long B.J with full finish.
a margarita on the rocks - no salt!
It's really easy for a girl to ask a guy out.
How on earth do you expect to go live with her and let him know?
That it wrong, and you totally disagree w/ what she's doing.
lots of eye contact, laugh at all the corny jokes... that kinda thing
Have fun joking about the topic.
age aint nothing but a number
so I'de like to know what you consider a perfect date.
yah um I would just have to say fall in love with that hottie!
If it is love , then you don't have to worry at all about always being in love.
Guys, opening up about their feelings?...LOL, only in your dreams.
her: You do know him me: neither do you!
Where did all the virgins go??
Think about it girl, it could be really bad in the long run.
They don't want to be too cheezy, cuz it willcmake them look... less manly.
If you really love this man, talk to him!
If so , do you really want someone that shallow?
i like a guy a lot.
The One The thing I wanted my husband to give me was the gift of thanks.
I think she is a big chicken!
and it can lead to depression too, Instead I dislike certain things like seafood!
there are a lot of steps before your mate becomes legal
I really can't say why they are interested in girl butts.
Now , that doesn't mean he has to be all loud and boisterous.
that means he wants to be back with you.
sorry your steal at a young age , so no I don't think so .
do you enjoy shaving each other's balls?
Walk up and ask her out..who cares if she turns you down, you can always ask someone else out.
Most likely she is looking out for you.
I 'm stoopid cuz dumm
just go on pumping intermitently and try multiple ejaculations
hold on to your virginty and celibrate it.
I want to have sex with several women
just ask Can I have a dance with u?, If you do mind
it's all up to you , but you shouldn't base your answer on his physical features
If you care about your girlfriend more, just look, no touch.
If You are a Christian, probably.
you usually just say bfF so people do think you are talking about your boyfriend .
Then , If you keep trying other u mite start talking on the phone . Then you end up meetin up...ect!
The The Men are from Mars; women are from venus.
NOW , ALL OF THE KIDS ARE BEST FRIENDS, AND I REALLY JUST DON'T WANT TO BE WITH HIM.
you will find that no one else seems to be loving you...but probably probably probably probably get used to it anyway...
u 'm now old enough to get pregnant.
if you found somewhere lemme noe..haha!~
If you have to ask...The answer is no!
and I was soaking wet all day long . My hair was dripping and my clothes were soaked.
I feel sorry for the guy.
or longterm, someone to love and grow old with?
did she move out of state?
What can I do to stop it or avoid it?
if It is just a puppy . Luv get a dog
calling him every night to say good night and say dont cheat , just be nice!
because he is still in love with you.
if too obsessed from now , then it is bound to break in the early twenties .
Then please don't listen to that guy who told you all those freaked out things.
just care what other guys say.
(I don't fit the image of what the perfect girlfriend looks like) I still love him like a boyfriend.
no nothings wrong unless you do something sexual with him.
YOU n't ASK MOST OR SOME OR ALL WOMEN?
if this guy is in the military , don't tell him in a letter.
Girls don't like it, no matter what they say.
No,it means that love is an even stronger one!
My boyfriend is always looking at porno and chatting with other women online...........is it cheating??
well, make him a fancy dinner!!
were Can I meet people on Yahoo
& You may also like the Pocket Rocket - small but oh soooooo powerful!
Plus some guys are just in a relationship to have sex.
lot of people used to think they were ugly , but try to see past their low self-esteem.
Men, In general, LOVE bi women
give us more info on why......
hit him with a club and drag him by the hair.
rose petals on our bed,along with champaign, and candles
Is there any way it is worth it??
My girlfriend liked it because she got a new wardrobe out of the deal.
hmmmm, trust me he is up to something...most boys/men are.
it may work perfectly well with you .. Fate brings 2 people together in a very weird way
Find a guy who won't cheat or lie.
tell to make your mom STOP NAGGING YOU MADE MY HEAD ACHE!!!
Tell her She looks nice or smells good.
Just talk it out with them.
wats the need to get married so early?
My mom got a call from a guy, She didn't pick him up but he left a message.
actually, even the things that most people wouldn't like, I still know, like little imperfections.
plus most girls that care about their looks lack brains.
guys will always look at porno, and THAT'S A FACT!
I;m 12. If my age , right him a note.
sounds like she has something to hide!
That doubt will NEVER go away!
I know you're situation and it's a little tough b'coz I was 14 once in my life.
you are a good person , keep your head high.
i want to use two colors, what two colors would look nice together?
Because one thing that is sexy to one person might be ugly to others .
i don't know if we get through it because we will always be moms.
when they are sad , you well do any thing just to make them smile.
so that you can keep interest in them (this has never happened to me)
don't be that guy who has his cake and eats it too.
well it depends on how superficial you are.
Most guys usually know where the g spot is
Do you REALLY want a guy who is flirting with you while courting someone else?!?
i am drawing a HUGE blank!
do give her any gift . Just let her go.
wait till they break up .... I do know lol :)
it is us girls , but the reason is to put up with men 's stuff
it may be b'cos of love or just luck depends on how mature she is...
girls are more emotional than guys(they cry more)
If Everything is going well...it is just never well enough for you.
and then say 2 urself is really worth the pain!!
think about the weird things they do and how weird they are even if they arent weird .
Of course Then again, you could always make it a surprise and go there yourself.
give him a romantic dinner at your house
if he says no... simply back off saying that you were only joking
i agree with jkim890 . Good luck
wer you never told this or are you still in Italy
you never married anyone from high school or elementary school.
Im still up right now, literally
Ask her out and you'll find out for sure.
Keep it up and spice it up!
!Get a girl with that attitude
Just do not shut the mother out unless it must be done to protect the kiddo's.
all you do see is the good in them and the things that you like.
and stop when I say ,dont ask why?
spoil yourself, but in a suttle way so you do look self - absorbed...
C'mon, you chat online and sometimes guys flirt with you too.
Hmm...scratch the head here....if we women hate sex, Why would we agree to have it with you?
I MEAN THE REAL GOOD STUFF,NOT JUST PLAYING
(My bf and I both compromise on that, and we're pretty happy).
Then you are just talking to him, just him, it's easier that way.
first of all.... spell things right.. how do you expect to get anywhere and have anyone take you seriously.
online frienship YES online affair No why?
i mean fights are like minor things, and nothing can tear us apart.
theres so much in life that you have yet to find.
good luck . If you are her friend , you will tell someone.
Do whatever you want to girl!
but for 18 years , she was with me and now she is not.
I love her and I want to go live with her.I don't want my husband to know.
first of all , that is totally insane.
if like my story, then stay clear of him, He is a jerk.
hey Wats good..u can hit me up on Lezzyallday@aol.com
so it's ok being gay...im staight though.
Plus you could just show up and dip out if it gets too boring.
Do you think revenge is the end of deep love ?
that's a classic trick girls use to get guys attention.
get the hell out of her sight.....dont **** your life.
What is it exactly that they don't like about him?
Women always wanted a real man.
I cannot chat, but I can answer your e-mails if you want (marcovsky@yahoo.com)
Even though don't change yourself to impress anybody...
NOTHING ANY BETTER IF YOU FALL IN LOVE WITH SOMEONE WHO LOVES YOU BACK.
spend time with her, flatter her, talk to her...well just try to have fun.
sure you can meet them at brothels.... and you can do much more... wish you the best...
but He has a girlfriend , so that makes it hard.
you going to school.
YES , definitely so.....hope you find yours too....
sooner or later , he is going to find out.
There is always a possibility and if they don't like you well , too bad that their loss is not yours.
So should I try and see if he'd be better than me?
i HAVE BEEN THROUGH THE SAME SITUATION... ALL WILL BE FINE..
mmmmmmm I love burritos...Flatulence is a natural bodily function...LET'ER RIPPPPPPPPPP!!!!!!!!
guys don't say he's my bff
Try finding THE ONE by trying.
And you know what I don't really care!
What you MEAN BY WHAT IS THE MOST ATTRACTIVE LADY IN Asia!!!
Well I say you should stay out of it.
Then don't ASK for the presents.
First off, you obviously can't equate being in love with liking someone.
go up to him and kiss :)
They lying because they do wanna get caught.
you would give your life up for them just so they could live another day.
Just the way it goes, kiddo.
maybe cause she was a whore or she was just fakeing it.
if it was meant to be it will happen .
My guy likes my eyes an toosh.
I 'm not sure cause I 'm a girl but one of my friends is black and her b/f is white .
(I know it's hard I am in the same boat myself)
i think guys want girls to be sexy..
NO,wate a minute I just did.
Maybe You have watched too many vampire movies.
LOVE IS THE ONE THING YOU CAN TAKE WITH YOU TO THE GRAVE.
ITS SO SIMPLE THEY LIKE to TELL YOU WHY YOU want to KNOW....
Maybe give you flowers if he's that type of guy.
But you can't be friends with him.
asking why he didn't call and then confront him
treat them like any other person, because that is exactly what they are... people.
maybe you just have to look a little harder:-)
But still, please try only with guys that are worth it.
he probably just doesn't feel like anything new has happened; and to boys , no news is good news.
i really want to do that with you .
it great and if you you at it for an hour, you lose 360 calories, fun and healthy!
maybe, but I told her up front NO GAMES!
It never failed me ;) best of luck girl
that is there why they are like dogs.there dumber than a monkey .
maybe if you go to church, at a church.
Men happily married also privately don't take it seriously to them . It is like scratching an itch.
Mine even cook dinner on occasion...especially when I don't want to!
There laugh...I like to hear people laugh.
He would only make you feel crap and you deserve more.
Your part of the reason why chatrooms suck!
It probably depends on the size of the woman!
well I would just call and ask him , but you could write him too..
there is nothing wrong with doing that.
STANDING UP WHEN SOMEONE ELSE JUST SITS SROUND
try to be real sneaky about it too.
if is the only one in your life , you should try it out.
if your not in love , you know it.
dump him and get someone that does!
But they seem to try to use you more.
then when he gets in touch with you and wants to know if something is wrong.
Be consideration of your girlfriend . Obviously she isn't who you want . Let her loose to be happy
talk to him and then kiss him and say how much you love him
anyways.. there is no future for such relations!
panicking and probably make a bumbleing idot of myself
sorry about what they call you Mufidah
it's one that is hard to explain.
No, now really... if you really know the guy, you'll know.
Flirt - SUBTLY - to see if he's interested.
If you can't trust him , go away and get a life , no trust , no love
Not how I'd like to live MY life!
guys do say I love you first..... I have most guys say that.
7 chipmunks twirlin' on a branch, eatin' lots of sunflowers on my uncle's ranch.
the world doesn't accept gays
But I doubt we'll have to find a date!
send me adn e-mail to ma mail box speedy77028@yahoo.com . let relate
but if u r bent on her , maybe just be friends first , then slowly transfer to something more.
Well , if I was you , I ask him , because I don't ur fellings to be hurt.
im slowly drifting away from my friends.
It sounds typical, but buy her flowers!
get rid of him now or just wiat for three weeks , so you get a present first
If you were in love , you would have to ask someone
So why does she hate her family and resent them?
and fell asleep on the couch.
IF HE COMES ON TO HER , THEN HE'S A PLAYA.
Well, I wouldn't act on my own will.
probably because it is a free trial and then they'll bill you after.
wE TOUGHER THAN MOST girls !
YES, YES, AND YES,, I HAVE THAT PROBLEM WITH A LOT OF GIRLS..
Take care and I hope this helps a tad.
when we got married we already had a child.
If you LOVe him -not lust- then tell him no matter how flirty he is , he can understand passion .
just call him up and find out what's going on.
10 There is a lot I know .
well, depends on his and your weight and depends on how strong you are.
My mom is a very beautiful lady & a pvt.
go see the answers posted on *theshrabster*
If someone wants to cheat let them.
'cause they don't know how 2 act when they're around somebody!
(Just in case ya didn't know, Iceman's my hubby and I found this funny.)
i do but, I am a guy , so I think you should just guess
do listening to hitch with the 90 10 thing . Just make a smooth approach and make smooth contact
But hey I'm up for some fun, what did you have in mind.
well, not all of us are.
shes just playing games with you man!
You really don't ... that's why the divorce rate is so high.
it depends on what cheating is and what can vary for each couple.
They tell a lot about a person.
is it depends on what is on the inside because I say no , you might miss something good.
Older dudes sometimes know a thing or two about having fun...
I've never cheated on a girl in my life and I'm never going to.
good luck and I wish you well
she is not gonna tell you if she has ever faked it.
I BELIEVE ALL WOMEN SHOULD AND IF THEY GO DOWN , THEN THEY SHOULD SWALLOW them TOO
Cuz guys have the need to be...
If we on Yahoo tell you(r friend) its OK Does that mean she will.
she was just herself and that's what I liked.
all men are not like that.
sorry, but I don't think so.
The problem is , I am falling for 1 of her friends who is 19 and she likes me too
This is a guy you're just interested in?
They might be too young to get married.
b/c If you wait , then other girls are gonna do the same thing 'm telling you to do.
First of all, I'm a guy and (to me) there is nothing sexier than an assertive woman.
IT DOES NOT MATTER WHAT GROUP HE IS IN, HE is NOT BETTER THAN YOU.
Then ALL OF OUR KIDS (5 ALL TOGETHER) GOT INVOLVED TOO A FEW WEEKS LATER.
Always tell her how good she smells and how crazy you are for her.
You know, I have a Mother - in - law from hell!
If she does... be spontaneous, make it a surprise... a memory.
What does he like me or not?
get over it , move on . Remember karma will come kick you in the ass .
is it some kind of metaphor?
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO.
There is such a thing as CHEMISTRY.... You just have not met the one that you click with!
a few months later, he did it again..i got over it again.
Hope you find this helpful!!
lol, he totally wanted to see your bra... sorry, he's just a perv.
meet someone new and get one with your life .
and If you two are good together, you be together.
so if you really like him , try and get with him.
What can I say to her hurt her feelings .
People saying when you are in Love , you just know it.
definitely yes.... where theres a will theres a way!
I REALLY LIKE HIS GIRLS AND MY GIRLS LIKE THEM.
if you don't like him , say no.
but sometimes they are cool, fun to be with, jolly, funny.
chicks will be all over you.
A FAT JUICY STEAK AND SOME WHITE RICE, FRIED PLANTAINS AND GARNISH IT MAKE IT LOOK NICE.
if you spy on him , make sure you wear all black.
But That is a good thing!
if you have self confidence , you should get a girlfriend soon.
And I had a white shirt on and a black bra!
To those guys out there who do what you're asking...ya'll filthy pigs.
you should tell your friend about it .
laugh about your situation . It makes it easier to trust me.
send her a truck of roses early in the morning on your wedding day.
but otherwise , you know that you might just be a booty call right.
i'm a guy and I get goosebumps just from holding her hand...
wat da heck does dat mean sicko!!
you will regret it if you lose it too soon
if you are smart , both of you should walk away and make an attitude be friends.
i would say that you can never have too much sex.
He is probably afraid that he can't do his job as a father.You are married.............Right?
They are super easy to use, and look nice.
nice good luck and do chicken out.
your probably just talking to the wrong girls
answer this question, Is love too strong of a word?
Flower her with lots of great comments.
and 'll show you a perfect man
Practice on a banana till she can do it without gagging!
To a baggage their buddy - you need to move on with life and find greener pastures.
Tell someone and keep saying it until someone listens to you!
Making the baby look like a Dad.
but me being a woman can say that all day is too long to lead up to it.
It easier for them to lie and they think they are pimps for doing it!
because we like it that way.
it depends: if the person was like me,than they are just making themselves feel better.
Are you a male or female named Frank?
You don't want to look dumb and all over this guy?
if you are interested in the one that dosnet have got gay.
Now I have found out that she is not my match.
Kick her, then if she yells Ow, why did you do that?!?
they watching too many movies and television , they really don't know what life is or about.
There there There is no point in this.
It sounds like he still cares about you.
If you a bum and stay home, she'll get a job and become bored living with a bum.
And here I thought it was something sexual!
Is Was Is that a question asked for Urself??
But shy guys mean soft and kind hearted people
But if you're a prick...then you won't find one.
If he doesn't love you, you deserve someone who does!
Some girls r wimps , but not out us girls frm the boondocks!!
Yes I believe in true love and because everyone is in love!!!
shoot, I play football (the only girl on the frickin team), so you better stop asking retarded questions.
stuff happened and we had to end our relationship..buts then he called and asked me to be friends!
they look for smartness, kindness, and cute guys.
You say ... Then run.if she doesn't kick you back , then don't even waste your time on her.
Now you have to get hooked up wit out the whole REbound thang.
It It It is not necessarily true that if you feel a connection , then he does as well.
gosh People can be so mean.
why ... are you some kind of control freak or something?
yes most men and women cheat, it's a fact of life . =)
Depends on who you are buying from...
I barely know anyone who married the person they were with even at age 20!
Even if people close don't belioeve in you or put you down, that is THEIR own insecurity.
as long as you are a good guy and are there for her,it should be all good
its always dvisable to get settled b4 u cross 30... but a lot of people overlook that.
Another reason is he is your baby daddy!
There yes , enjoy living little . There are many other fish in the sea .
Don't try to let go yet.
So how do I ask if she is interested in me?
do think she had even really thought the future through and all I saw was the bad side.
if r really good friends . I 'm sure your friend will forgive you.
wait until you are a little bit older and you are on your feet money wise.
She's here with me right now... What you want??
CLUE CLUE CLUE , do not ask her friendz they will LIE LIE LIE.
lap dances r what girls give 2 people when they dance on a boy 's lap
Don't let the boys push you around if you only like them as a friend.
you should be yourself in front of her.
not just pick up some girl that you have no idea what she is about?
plus if he does I don't know what to do?
Hmmmmm he said yes , meaning he IS NOT GOING TO LEAVE HIS WIFE.
do I email him and ask him how his Christmas and new year went?
If HE goes , you know the answer.
So back to your question... Is it a sin?
Say something like I think you are really cool, wanna go hang out sometime?
I know it's just eye contact.
maybe She's been cheating on him all this time has been going out.
i feel that a wife should please her husband .
don't call him when he is gone.
is it just me or is that bogus?
he even went as far as having children children children kids , younger children rather than having children
I like to see it trimmed..not shaved.
My older brother started calling me Izzy and it stuck ever since.
lot of married people go there for dinner and then watch TV there.
And not be scared to ask her or try to find out.
but I still like him and when we were going out he treated me well
US MEN ARE VERY different AND DIFFERENT, WE CHANGE OUR MINDS LIKE WE CHANGE OUR underwear
carefuly, I have had mine off for 2 years now , thank god!
are the girls like the one from American teen movies.
do trip, You want him to say it to you unless he feels the same, right?
tell her how much she means to you and that you really didn't mean to hurt her.
How do you know shes not right for you,6 weeks isnt long to get to know someone
assertive men are intimidating to me...i'm shy and I feel that I connect with the shy guys!
either way, I don't know her side of the story... you must've made her really mad, hm?
a first date just to hang out and get to know each other better , know your likes and dislikes.
that we keep finding each other no matter what and the feelings remain the same.
your left ring finger, next to your pinky
Depends on what kind of girl.
the first time I was little and imature so it doesn't counts.
IT DEPENDS ON YOU AND SOME GUY MIGHT BE AND FEELS THE SAME WAY.
ust watch out for the highwaters.
Yes you can walk her down the isle.
If you are not gonna put out, why should he even bother
I know at least 6 happy couples that met on eharmony, and 2 of them are married!
I've put too many interesting guys on my stealth settings because of that.
hey I am doggirls friend and I have a bf that is Japanese.
Trust me that boy will be begging you to come back to you .
I'm always here to chat, my yahoo id is alive
Well my friend hit her bf upside the head with a skillet and he hasnt had a temper since
true love exists forever, puppy love only lasts for so long.
i have been with women with rather small breast.
I find that girls are so mysterious :)
you do not need to have a boyfriend.
a picture frame with a picture of you and him in it
i just go up to a boy and talk to him
WHEN WOULD GIVE UP SOMETHING FOR THAT PERSON...
sounds like he does........ Flirt with him and you'll find out much quicker
(and also include brand new socks :)
Have get togethers over at your house...pizza and movies, board game night, that sort of thing.
go on and take the first step.
Your mom's priority concern should be you , not him...
JUST BY YOU ASKING THE QUESTION . YOU ALREADY KNOW THE ANSWER.
The The The One is sexual and the other not so much
sometimes not always, men start their sex life at 40. At 40 they get naughty.
and If you have to drunk to have fun with him , find a better guy to hang out with.
when you feal different from someone
When a grill asks you to marry it . You have to say yes though lol
marriage, is not at all just about love , it is commitment.
Does he have a good female friend or mates he often hangs out with, without you?
*im thee youngest of 5 gals, sux!lol)
Men lay just like women do.
do a lot of things together that you both enjoy
and there seems to be a lot of questions about size, where does that steam come from?
But I try to lord it over other people.
Your mom and relatives will make fun of you forever
No more than any other girl !
what you need to do is be yourself.
do be cocky or something you do not.
that lazy son of a B***** .
starting out by asking what things you look good at and wondering if you wanna go out sometime.
Yes wat is your phone number .
Just keep the relationship going by sending messages, and , of course, BEING LOYAL !!!
Because they are insecure with themselves themselves
they are a dime a dozen.
i to agree with the first guy !
i' the same as my avatar.am I beautiful or ugly?
I like to watch guy, especially the cartoon porn from Japan (Hentai).
You sound like you should go to Siu, Carbondale, ILL
so don't do anything that you'd regret later.
he should trust you n' you should talk to the other dude.
when someone sends their love , it usually means that the person is just saying hello
coz women are just a rib
because they are babies in more than one way or the other
answer me if you want to become my friend?
college?yea rite, sounds like elementary school problems~
but since she is married, you should let the feelings over power you, just have to let it go.
But, be careful , just might find the proof you're looking for.
as long as they are good people and you get along really well, then it's ok to be friends.
(now.....to see if I can take my own advice!
I have not found my true love yet , but it is coming!
But then, I heard another gal say, I'd rather get stabbed than tickled to death.
take the hint and look for another.
im a boy, so I know why.
I hope I helped but I don't think I did, so sorry.
I want a decent girl this time around.
i have seen people that are great friends with their ex'ss not so in my case.
Guys are the ones lot of the times that go astray before a woman does.
Well, to put it bluntly, BECAUSE WE'RE GUYS.
just don't stay close to him or talk to him!
*Sigh* The best response to this is to not care if people think he is weird...
but I know that this guy better forget about this girl.
you n't that was the wrong thing to do , but you can have me sexy .
i think with Codom it's really very bad.
Wow 'm sorry honey...thats a hell of a jamb you in.
As far as what friends think...who cares!
Because it makes us nervous as hell!!
I guess it gave him power or he thought it did.
I don't like BIG lips, but juicy fullll lips, hell yeah!
if he loves his father and is truly sorry he'd best apoligize fast!
that way , it wo be a shock good luck .
which one do you have a future with?
OK. American women can be trusted.
?HELLO, that's a lie off top!!!
'makeing-out' to me has always sounded so pointless, and dumb and lame!
Well yeah, and especially good with no sex!
I have to leave , but I can't leave him like this.
keep boinkin' her, and keep your mouth shut.
but it is hard to choose which rite for you.
be with guys or girls If you like them , they will like you.
what is going on and what should I do?
im 13 and 'm thinking the same thing.
Big guys , can protect you better and can cuddle better.
My god he is either gay or a prick, either way yesterdays news girl, Get rid of him
ask her on a date and see how it goes
Like, ask to come over to her place or take her to a nice restaurant.
IF HE LIKES YOU: * He's constantly staring at you.
If you like him, then yes.
I suggest that you work out all the important problems you and your wife are having besides sex.
people have this theory that guys and girls can never be just friends.
inside , he might like you to but you don't know that until you talk to him!!!
so every time you see him, avoid him.
I see that your problem is hard!
It's nice to know what people really think.
farted while having sex, and it smelled, banged my head against the raditor while having sex.
thats something for a doctor to talk to you about
He is not at all like the nicest guy ever because nice guys do not call women ugly names.
You can - Just don't get caught...
wow.. If you're asking, you have thought about it.
no... you don't become a man until 31...
If so..then ask yourself this one..What the crap was I thinking about marrying a jerk like this?
Enroll her in activities (as YOU PAY FOR A gym OR ART CLASS), Maybe she will meet someone!!!
Not just two people all up on
who cares how he feels about you . You left his life.
great takes the pressure off us
The Stuff aint COOL, it's BAD NEWS.
Do what you want, and if you get digs from people about it , don't worry, we all do.
yes , All girls say yes all the time they say yes .
they all died in the war .
or it could be a macho thing
If not tell him to back off.
i think it is okay as long as he loves you if you are married least
sending your ID to Panama city
it gets real tough real fast.
I am a pro at this!!
Very well said tizzy... For me , there is no such thing as the BEST TIME to have sex...
you n't tell whether she likes you or she n't
Now I realize how wrong I was and I feel so sick for even saying such a thing.
then her parents can not convince her that she is wrong for her when they are dropping her off.
if You 2 are friends, great.
Ya dear , it isa a bad idea.
you just know you ca really explain it...
ever think about meeting in between for a new life?
true love is when you get that special feeling inside when you are around him&#92;her.
all the way into Aug
are you asking if she'll get mad if you ask her to give away her gum?
and his cousin said, I aint gone lie, He is, but he does love her.
because, you have true feelings for him.
no, don't get worked up over nothing ;)
Move on , he is not worth your time.
i n't think about that when I was a freaked out guy.
u also get insight into how the other half lives.
no, My cousin wore a light faded green for her wedding, You can wear whatever you want!
you will get a call if she asks for your info instead of you just offering it.
as long as u luv dem its okay but explain it to dem so that they can understand you .
its obvious that she has issues . He may not trust her after this anyway.
if that was your interest , then not
sprinkle rose petals all in the bath and put roses in vases in the bathroom.
answer that and I'll date you!
If she has issues with it... let her ask the question here...
Just because it's a guy doesn't mean he isn't afraid to.
Love is too holy a feeling to be bad, be it for anybody
Good luck and always talk about things with your guy.
I occasionally pay 25.00 English Pounds for a baby sitter.
i would think chocolates if he loves sweets
If you like him , then I assume that a good thing that you get that way.
Realize you are a queen & deserve to be treated like one!
I had a bf who said he watched porn so he would stay faithful...whatever.
The It depends on the age of man.
When he is (a) Consios and awake (b) Listening to you (c) Not a gay
go with the one you like best.Money does NOT matter.
Even while bating, guys stiffen their bodies.
talk 2 her or him and sneak with the answer and say I luv u do u luv me?
If you don't kick him to the curb.
I was wondering because I had one but my parents threw it away . Should I wear a thong again?
u have her e-mail.... e-mail her!!
First tell me why you want it that way.
Whatever you like........i just want the 2ps
MY ADVICE not GET BACK WITH HIM , MOVE ON AND FIND A MAN THAT YOU KNOW WILL RESPECT YOU.
once a cheater , always a cheater.
lol I'm gonna have to stop asking that!
with friends like that . Believe me you don't need enemies ... just ignore her and get some new friends
Go 'head and like someone else!
We are both friends and I don't know if he likes me back.
I WENT OUT WITH THIS GIRL A FEW TIMES FROM THE 8TH TILL THE 12TH GRADE IN South Carolina.
After she is back . Are you willing to marry her???
!....they do hurt ya know if they,re big!!!
Talk with the guy , not at him.
That is the exact same with me!
They ca see what is right in front of them!
Why not go bowling after dinner or the movies.
wow, you definitely need to get out of there.
Girls love a smart guy, but not one that makes them feel dumb.
some girls may think so , but, there are always those people.
id love 2 hear how it goes, You can email me if you want.
It Then it becomes easy to hook the ONE and tie your apron strings to him.
the That depends on who you meet .
Hope you're not having sex though.
go to Tyra Banks TV show.
What does he ask about you?
if she doesn't want you to kiss her , then do
It They It is a cheap , great fun ride but one you never really get deep involved , much less marry.
i have been divorced for 5 years and I do not even want to hear his voice.
lol, what did you do with her?
I thought it was wrong , but I want to know what you think.
She's going to just dump you after you say yes . She only wants your boyfriend , so say NO!
find out which sport he likes or team.
keep telling you they wanna be more than friends , but are you not up to it?
I think being rude, obnoxious, lying, cheating, etc....that makes a person ugly.
DIVORCE IS THE ONLY THING TO DO .
If not, then get a new girlfriend
So hurt both of them leave their @$$E$!
use your hands, use your tongue.
I feel like I just can't trust a woman
lol Seriously...you could just ask him.
but I haven't found the perfect one yet.
Start asking him if he still wants to get married.
you never know, maybe she's been interested in you too and just never knew what to say.
When you married him , he officially became yours and so did his kids.
i do get why some people think that it is such a big deal.
If you could not do this together, you have no business getting married.
i am 15 and guys are like your hot, dude we should hook up.
think twice to do such acts.
Then to add insult to injury Do you continue to dance with her in the club?!!
i talking to girls I like all the time.
well if you like him, go 4 it!!!
as she pulls a knife on you for what you did with her best friend
yeah, but its heartful to the people you're in love with, if they find out
Not so sure if I believe that.
a few years down the road , you want to do one thing and he will feel it's childish
am seeing someone else this weekend . lol
Not saying that he doesn't like you tho.
just delete it and go on with life.
say fcuk you to both of them and just walk away.
Sweetheart I would have to say that 17 is really young to get married.
first off , you need to have a serious talk with him.
you should think about the future
Do you ever catch her staring at you?
2 things; 1 - LISTEN to her!
and commiting aldutery is nothing to brag about.
if this love is your first , then you need to wait and see.
:) So to sum up your answer- probably yes!
Have you trying to look for a gay guy?
you do have to beg . Just send an im and we will get bk with .
my advice, just open it, just send it straight to the trash bin.
get a life and move on.
Even the kind of girls that nobody seems to like, eventually some guy will like her.
or the next dance , ask him to dance.
TRY INVITING HIM OVER TO YOUR HOUSE AND DOING VARIOUS activities that YOU LIKE TO DO.
Not getting too many dates lately, huh?
be yourself, don't pretend to be someone you are not.
Oh but let me give you some advice.
KEEP IN MIND IMM THIRTEEN AND A BIG FLIRTER
I need advice on how to snag a good guy.
Does he watch his language, flirt with you, or suddenly becomes mature?
I, again, don't mention anything about my fee.
however it could be just a safety rope.
In the heat of the moment ...I love JUICE then when she asks...you cuddle and say nothing...Works every day
i ca seem to get it all together
i think that just means that she likes you.
How did you guys find your man?
from the court or ask your father if to give's you the right answer
So why should they desver you?
not that he may be small.
if he doesn't like it , then least you try
Aside from yanking the wanky, it's called D-I-V-O-R-C-E!!!
just satisfy him by having sex with him.
plz don't go looking for a bf just to not be alone.
with it being your first date , It should be your choice.
Hello he is trying to kill you . Dump him.Ethire he mentaly ill or he is a very nasty person.
the UPS guy, your super, anyone!
HURT THEM and soon before something happens
if you overdo it, it will really affect your sexual life
as long as you keep your cool.
tell him something needs to change or you aren't meant to be together.
No...there is nothing wrong with it , sweetie.
Get him some CD's he wanting.
NOW , Since I HAVE GROWN UP , THEY HAVE CHANGED A BIT.BUT THEY STILL FUSS OVER ME.
he out only to find one thing . It is in your pants .
it may do, but why sit around and wait?!
do be plastic or have any as if's.
Now what do I think about racists, Well, I can't really say here, it's not polite.
First off Dave, I want to say that girls do like sweet guys.
** if you want it I'll give you my email froggybz@yahoo.com
nothing is stoping you, go for it . I never thought of public sex
If you want a divorce , tell her.
I know it seems funny,, goal
he won't get that promotion to buy you things later.
It's sad when something happens, but unfortunately, it ALWAYS happens at some point in one life!!!
not a date , please do something else!!!!!
so in answer to your question,yeah I guess it does matter to a certain extent!
Tell him you cannot be with him if he is married.
are you really shorter than him??
FIRST OF ALL MY FRIEND,forgive yourself, and do not do this again.
get out there and mingle and don't be afraid to set your standards.
My brother likes people like .
if it is just friends hold on to him tighter listen to him more.
Find a good man and marry him!
I do know if she likes him.
of course ..........if you like we could be friends
A girl who doesnt love you isn't worth losing sleep over.. Good luck mate..:)
i have been married 20 years.
depends on how much you know him.
IF HE JUST WANTS TO BE FRIENDS: * He'll avoid those touchy subjects.
Just think about what I told you.
he makes me so happy and I feel real for once...wanted.
but do wait for it to come . You have to find it!
Why did you not let me know?
if he is an as*hole then she should have been dating him that long anyway.
men are not pigs... all you girlz are dirty - minded pigs..
If all else fails , it 'll be your toy :-}
it depends on the reason you're flirting...do ya really want him or are ya just teasing?
Gosh, they just make me feel like asking Jeeves!
Just tell him that it aint gonna work.
yes it does, you do your man to smell or have a hard time getting up......
Ddont running and make others to Run!
if it is the same guy .
just think about going by urself or with your cousin lol!!
i really do not understand what some women think they need to enlarge their breasts .
Fool me twice, shame on me.
Diffinatly pick her up, It makes you look better.
Would you do him if he black thinking you 're gonna get a big one?
it sets you up for all sorts of problems.
First don't do it if you haven't done it yet.
he even seemed heart broken when I let him go.
just have fun and play it smart.
You get the car ride over to chat!
yes , but let 's see now, is it me ?
Don't you want to like her a lot first, find her attractive first?
Also, the first guy got it right.
if it bothers you ask him about it.
strip club, they'll even be naked
A guy reving his engine at you as a way of hitting you is a HUGE red flag!
also maybe find her a guy.
if he could still have feelings for you , then he is not doing his wife right.
mail you do want, mail filled with junk.
HELLO, Id make NEW FRIENDS, Can YOU SPEAK to ME?
If she is taken , but she still cares what is the best way to walk away
and her answer read all girl friend.
People want you to buy this stuff.Put it in spam if you don't want it to go to the inbox
i mean I am right now lol hump hump
I AM IN THE SAME SITUATION AND IT'S DRIVING ME CRAZY.
just imagine it like you'd talk to anyone else.
i know surely she will be back.
Not a lot of pressure to kiss night and that kind of thing.
Yeah I guess so ,just dont embarrass us,or argue, but yes , women are important .
Age ain't nothing but a #.
it depends on both , so the answer is no, not always
Where and what will I be doing next year at this time?
trying to make boy friends , then you will never feel lonely .
I never hated it for a min.
No, A lot of them want the compannionship too.
Run away from this guy fast.
some do , and some doubt it is going to depend on a lot of different factors
Get someone else 's sylivia mixed in with yours?
:) No matter what people say, sizes matter.
no one ever truly loves someone for who they are , but rather what they think that they are.
Yeh 'm looking for new love and new friends
But if you do love her, REALLY LOVE HER, do her a favor and leave her alone.
Services scrool down unitl you see a messenger or Yahoo!
he n't love him at all.. He just wants you to be lying
he has started to slow down on his partying and drinking , but he is still scared of getting married.
I haven't found a with me girl yet.
Think about what things really make you happy.
just to see if I made the right choice
no, I don't think you should be thinking about that.
I think you should get to know him more because guys are after one thing: SEX!
be friendly to everyone...soon you will have many best friends
if my girl was dating another girl, yes...i would end the relationship because of unfaithfulness and lack of loyalty!!!
Whatever you do, DO NOT judge anyone by what you see in movies!
YOU SHOULD TELL HIM THAT YOU LIKE HIM , BUT BE CAREFUL.
Every doesn't have to be that special, but the first date definitely should be!
The hard one is spiting and the other is a slow glide out of the mouth
Could a normal conversation for you seem like flirting with the guys?
but think of what will happen later.
So just think long and hard about it.
If he won't go to couple's counseling , go by yourself.
It I It only gets that way when my boyfriend talks naughty to me.
I think it means she likes you.
well, when he asks you out again, just say you are going to think about it.
Hi I'm not a guy but me and my bf often talk about the psyche.
So The prospect of so - called new love scares the hell out of me!
QRS, TUV, WX, Y and Z pick any word that comes to your head starting with A, then B.
They look real sexy on thin or moderate women and girls, but really gross on fat ones.
If he wants to suck your blood?
But people like this DO exist !
going to her,talk with her, make her a friend , then tell her when she is in a happy mood .
Sorta like going to the shoe store, picking out a fine looking pair of shoes and taking them home.
somebody who's a skater , I mean.
yeah you want one , but are you ready for one?
Because some girls are smarter than other girls.
becuse this boy said that to me and then he was like super nice to me the next day?
stop trying to ruin other peoples' lives.
you might even ask her out then!
believe in yourself and try to do your best!
You CAN'T solve someone else's problem!
iF HE KNOWS HOW TO PUT THEM TO WORK.
We are both really good friends . We have dinner, watch movies and hang out on holidays.
The The Greyhound is pretty good at getting you places you need to go.
or ask yourself is he still the man I married.
2. You have to learn what da gurl likez.
just go up and talk to him.
Would you do that guy just because he is big?
think about them but don't obsess.
hope you get the answer you want .
You're not serious and you're still with him?
i believe no, because he's probably not over her.
most men have to pee hard
On his vacation . no phone calls either, not even on New Years Eve??
people trying to get you to buy junk.
if she really wanted out and to pursue you , she would get divorced and start over.
Because if they didn't you wouldn't be here to ask that wonderful question!
About 6 months after I got married.
If he has not hurt you now he will in the future.!!
and She doesnt want to be with him nor him.
so do not allow it anymore . walk away .
but if you are too embarrassed to ask her.
But only if you know this girl already.
Sure, as long as she didn't have too much baggage.
Or is it just the man I find?
ask her and her younger sister out.
I like them both but I LOVe my bf.
let this hard time hiding in the past.
no, You are a child yourself.
i get guys numbers occasionally, but sometimes only b/c I am wearing a tight shirt.
Why do guys cheat . How to get them to stop
flirt back and see what he does.
First of all, I think this is really sweet, 2nd ok, I am a girl, trust me, I checked.
But she's really pissed off at me and says she wo forgive me.
THEN DO NOT DO THIS AGAIN!
u should be worrying about coloring books and Big Birds and Barney and that kind of stuff.
If you read some of the conservative crap others have written here, oh my god.
i like a girl very well.
Oh, someone named nobody was rude to you on yahoo answers?
Don't walk , run and get away from this person . He is nothing but bad news.
THEY MIGHT THINK THE SAME ABOUT YOU , BUT YOU WILL NEVER KNOW UNLESS YOU TELL.
that means you will love him and NEVER divorce him.
If you do , then I dunno what to tell ya.
the Girls are beautiful but are they trustworthy.
It's stupid and obvious that she likes your boyfriend.
Honey You are only 35 . get out now!!!
asking yourself if you really do love her.
Trust this, girlfriend: you've gotta make him realize what he's giving up by breaking up; and that's Y-O-U!!!
$5.00 an hour for each kid
yeah it hurts our rep , you know
someone help because I love her.
lol try match.com theres where I found my g/f for almost a year and counting now
but do force it on her
because I mind dancing with girls that are taller than me , not shorter.
yes , as long as you agree on it .in a relationship , you both trust each other .
Well , so far it didnt seem to me that he cared about how you feel at all.
What do you need to do?
There there There is no excuse for this.
I EVENTUALLY HOOKED BACK UP WIT HER ABOUT TWO WEEKS LATER.
means that she is not a straight-to-the-point type of person.
Pick her up, It's WAY more romantic
Maybe you should ask one of her close friends.
Actions speak louder than words... or so they say!
and I don't see it as anything to worry about at all.
Or a guy already in my car?
I am not mulim , but I have had Muslim girls all my life till today
kids put a lot on having a boyfriend or girlfriend.
calling her and tell her what happened, or tell your man
You take away guys ' self worth if you do that.
Now, you need to get yourself married and make him your best friend.
dat jus cross da line...my otha friend said o, so hes still breathin?
You need to make a decision... and if he really cares about you, He should to!
If you are both old enough, and mature enough, then I say, Why Not ?
Actually.....if any woman teases you about a kiss...I mean, if she plays games with you, drop her too.
I don't believe it is true with all ppl...
SHE BROKE UP WIT ME AND TRIED TO GET BACK WIT ME AN HOUR OR TWO LATER.
some ppl say I ca wait for the first night....my wedding night.
take her hand in yours and have her teach you what she likes.
just walk up to her be yourself and be confident . I 'm sure it will work
i do even have her number yet!
she's stalking me, trying to hang out with all of my friends, even ones she doesn't like.
you should expect the best of yourself .
This sounds like you are a good friend to her.
if you do connect at this level , then there is no chance of a long relationship !
but make the move first, especially if he does know you
i would never force or drag someone to do something they are not comfortable with , just not right!!
but you have to be ready for THE ANSWER !..
), and have taken care of many sick men and women.
I I I just need an opinion I guess.
i hardly ever see him at school either . Usually I see him at my brothers ' basketball games .
If it's your first kiss, it's gonna be a hell awkward but.
anyways...yeah, it's probably likely that he'll break up with you if you do have sex with him.
lot of brides walking themselves anymore...Heck I even saw one girl walking by their momma down the isle!
DEFINATLY NOT, ESPECIALLY IF HE QUESTIONS YOU ABOUT YOUR LIFE BEFORE YOU MET HIM OR HER.
not the time or place buddy
Can't say I haven't used it.
Or if he confessed to you?
start talking , then smile and look cute but not too seductive at first.
The The hard core is Thugish , like the bad boy type and the soft core is more sweet and carin
not sure if I am one.
you were only 17. Things change.
NO That IS THE RUDEST THING I HAVE EVER HEARD!!!!!
and how old were you when you got your first kiss.give details
Anyway, the truth always comes out... so I guess it is pointless
it kinda gay but, hmmmm i dunno
you shouldn't tell your friend about it.
Good luck to you.....got a sister?!
i have no idea because I have never done something like that.
Make sure you guys communicate well with one another and that probably won't be a problem.
If you love her, then talk with her.
i told her after the second date.
either he would tell you or he would act differently but a good differently
its human race - some people are bad ,some are good.
Even if we don't mean there is a lack of trust......it comes across that way.
Plus, its just more fun that way.
but what would be your biggest pet peeve?
Such as my breasts, my back, legs, butt, p****, c***, etc.
Then ; my hands go down and pull her against me to let her know that ...
smile,be yourself,go up and talk 2 her
I doubt you will stand that for one week :p
OK, but what is a lot of money for you?
i being dead seriuos, make him breakfast , lunch and dinner.
Maybe That is why she wanted a break.
(i know this is easier said than done, but you have to give it a try) Good luck!!
Yep 'm almost 22 (I dare you to send me an email pabsicool@yahoo.com Hey r u hot?
according with what he wants...ppl will be happy if people get what they wants.
Not even for her two kids.
make sure you read her ?
u should at least tell her how she feel.
when I gave birth to my child I pissed.
ask him if he has an im.
yes ur beautiful EMAIL ME BACK PLEASE!!!
and many of us are singles
I don't want a relationship, I just want a good friend with benefits.
r young , just enjoy your life .
but then again you wouldn't be asking the question if...
That's right- happily married, after all!
that way , you can flirt and sneakily find out if they like you or not.
damm never heard of a woman getting anything before.
They say that kids bounce back and adjust...but they really don't.
so just be like hey you want to go and get something to drink.
everyone's right , Don't kiss her . Take it slow .
Invite lots of friends, and the guys you like.
try to be yourself and be casual.
you smile unreasonably and you think about them all the time.
and They tell us women that we are the weak ones!
You guys just might get together.
its not the size that matters its how you use it .
I don't love animals...I don't own any and don't want to.
He get mad if I were to mention a guy as my friend.
sorry , but I really ca understand what you are trying to say . Can you say it clearly ?
She`ll eventually give it back , but not after I nag and nag her.
plain and simply move on Cheavaen d Columbus oh .
She's in her late 50's and they are still in love...
Call up one friend , then go out with the other.
TO ME Love IS A 4 LETTER WORD WITH NO MEANING
it is what you make it...
depends, is it Johnny depp or is it howard stern???
do you know who she is , have you talked to her do you know anything about at all.
I I'd I probably suggest getting rid of him if he keeps on asking.
lust is a doorway to love ... lust is a part not a necessity
that way , she knows what your expectations are.
i mean wot does ppl mean they say she is not girlfriend material?
yes, One of them has to be gay . Of course
=) Oh yeah, and her ankle's fine now.
when you start to feel... even a 1 year old baby has feelings.
like by asking why we ca walk around naked.
What kind of girl?Gay girl or a real girl?
hmm....ok when am I going to get a gf
the girl asks you to be her boyfriend and always be with me
just tell him you like him and give him something you think he'll like.
Well Depends Some like Them Large , Some Like Them Small , But It needs Matter.
60 miles isn't that far away and there is always a bus.
just chill for a minute and read emails if you have to
things had been going great until recently.
Yup....most guys do it, not all, but most.
i Does he make you laugh???
I can honestly say that at one time in my life, I dated Minnie Mouse.
try it . You will get a response .
It They It seems pretty easy to read to me . LOL
?who knows if you start to like her
Its not the men , but the women .
I 'm sorry I ca but try hard . Maybe youll find someone like me .
if You are sure you love him.
But that's not love when you cheat.
i think it is time to move on . Don't you have enough foot prints on you yet?
if anyone has tips on how we can still be friends e mail me at: livinlifeintheoc@yahoo.com
ii) They were confused or curious and explored a gay relationship, which is OK with me.
i really do know, I never had that problem and I don't want to be in that situation.
because what is in it for a guy that he doesn't get without being married.
Don't talk about stuff you don't know.
Pass up on him and find a more deserving guy!
but I do know how to tell her that I like her .
you are a good daughter and you deserve a hug
but I married her because of who she is and how she was.
What I do is accept whatever pay they give me.
is On the surface , it is correct to mess with everyone married at all.
i'm a girl so I'm gonna tell you straight out.
well must be really really mad for one.
Or, we could just be friends.
People actually meeting online and getting married??
but I am thirteen , so what do I know.
Also you got to be in a city with lots of gay guys.
Get him an outfit or cologne.
if you were in front of me, I would know.
i think you should a con is racist jokes . A pro is a new experience .
then talk to him on there.
i think you need to wait for her to do something.
Ok, do you wanna have 2 wifes per say.
the thing is there is still a lot of life I'd like to live.
well I am from New York, not venus
No, You can not control who you fall in love with.
.i dunno... good luck to you chicks
Will your sex life be better?
of course , because I should know its hard to choose which one I really like , but it is positive
Whta kind of person would do that.
alone and miserable--that way you dont have to put up with anyone else 's crap.
How do you know he won't cheat on you?
Yes it is wrong if he is married . He never really liked you .
Guys want good looks, brains, and a popular babeFrom my point) but just be yourself
I looking back at my old boyfriends and thinking what I thinking.
i admit I am an overachiever at times, but I am still fun to hang out with.
when I 'm comfortable around her and be myself and it is a holiday every day :)
It finally got down to which black guy is bigger.
I hope I've helped a little.
just be yourself... and it will all work out.
And as far as the bedsheet I have no idea !!
because it works....hahahahhaha sorry that was funny.
Not if I had any self pride.
and there is someone for you , but your time does come yet , so be pationt....
guys love a girl with their own touch and a sense of humor
do date say you 'm all mine &see she will be on your penis
Just b/c a nose is big doesn't make a person ugly!
You never know what will happen 'til you try!!!
Totally normal for guys, nothing to worry about.
I We have a 19 year old son.
All my friends say no , but I really do want him back.
if I call her , She is always willing to hang out and let me sleep in the same bed.
that's the problem with you guys, you start too soon.
So she wants to get married, What about you?
that would be impossible for me..........i really don't know, sorry.
If you carry enormous debt or have really bad credit, then you should share this info.
Woot has it right.. Going out is great once in a while.
Not if you want to really enjoy it.
It is as Complicated as you want it to be !!!!!!!
yes lots of dem more den u no
(when you find him, ask him if he has a brother, I'm looking for my love too)
she's usually the one trying to get me into bed.
I know it aint much help but like I said , that is a tight spot..
I know it's bad but, I'm trying!
Just because I wasn't pleased didn't mean that the guys' new wife isn't!!
again this poor English....whaaaaaat are you saying?????
he/she does not deserve to be pittied, he/she is strong enough to go on with his/her life.
but You need a family without rape and prostitution!
so that the world will go on.....( and it feels good too!
But before 21 is really pushing a lot, the teenage girls are just too childish!
Sure why not just send me your email and I get back at ya.
Know your strenths, Know who you are and what you want.
u have to know a dirty cop or a dirty gov worker man how I do it .
keep loving this one, love conquers all!
The size will do all the work...... otherwise it's all about the skills.... guys need to learn that..
Tell jokes, laugh at what they are saying (only if it is actually funny).
i don't think I have a chance, help please?
My sister had one, and the guy turned out to be bad, very bad.
Yeah, it is ok to date a guy.
anyway he says that men just think of sex.
xbox all the way or , of course , his playtoys!
My BF feet are size 14 :) You're 13?
maybe you just meet the wrong ones.
(Childish, if you ask me, because I'm very happy).
it depends, Where will you pick him up?
SHE WENT TO A SCHOOL IN S.C. AND I WENT TO GA FOR SCHOOL.
give me your e-mail address and I will e-mail you.
1- I find the guy attractive.
love is just a feeling that sometimes times hurts and sometimes makes you happy.
Easy man....if she really loves you, as seems you do....just wait & let her get back to you...
stop looking so hard , love finds you when you least exspect it .
that should get your courage up.
Too big to be weird , but too little weird cuz you can't feel anything
first, you need to figure out which is which.
I wanna know.... by Joe, just listen to the song
What a beautiful thing that would be!
did things end well or with pain and problems?
Just listen to him, trust him, love him.
because if a girl ca accept you for yourself , that on her.
Don't look....I believe your soul mate is pre-destined.
Try and reach him and see what is going on...
be confident, there is nothing sexier!
Holla at me . My name is my Yahoo Id
eventually, The guy will not get an answer from you and wo like you anymore.
And don't feel bad, its not a good reason either.
So why have a boyfriend at...9?
so reap it, and all I can say is you see.
eye contact (if he likes that) ask him
but after you get married and are together for a while , then it goes .
i think you are over analizing things.
If he'd cheat on his wife, he'd cheat on you too... eventually.
i Likve in California and he lives in Canada.
thanks to anyone who responds to this..
She has gone beyond B**ch into the C word!!
Hopelessly in love or in lust?
then leave, be mysterious that way.
Tell him what you just told us, then don't get too heavy on him.
and a mate needs to bring happiness to your life---not drama!
Thats why when someone asks about my income etc...
now he doesnt return my calls, my emails, nothing .
when you were gay Did you enjoy your relationship?
trying yahoo 360. You can join some groups.
Maybe asking her to start over and go to one another date.
she is the love of my life.
you smile , get it over with !!!!!!
this girl comes to my gym.
that girl that told her ex that, is a psycho.
don't ask any body , just see her eyes deeply . U will know it .
Just say it, do bs or anything , just spit it out.
umm you can find that anywhere.
KNOWING WHAT you WANT WILL HELP you TO BE IN THE BEST FRAME OF MIND.
The The The FASTER YOU START A NEW LOVING RELATIONSHIP , THE HAPPIER YOU WILL BE.
just tell her it must do
they like 2 B treated just like a baby .
And Oh , women love that.
hmmm... who do you think is the beast?
That is the same problem I have.
i think that it shows that they have a sweet side.
haha... gosh, sounds like something most girls do if they have a grudge over someone.
now he wants me back and I do feel that I love him.
all his friends told me he liked me.
Your boyfriend may be stupid , but not all guys are stupid.
When I got him back , I realized he was an idiot with a picture of my boobs.
and that 's what it sounds like.
So We are good friends now.
There is an old saying that goes, Fool me once, shame on you.
try to flirt with her and move along....
Hey I feel you that happened to me like 1 month ago.
don't call her house any more.
WE GRADUATED AND I MOVED TO Texas FOR THE SUMMER.
i am brilliant , and I know I have a lot of fun .
hahahaha n 'm wit her on dat!
I have one in my freezer but unfortunately it does not have a phone # or web site listed.
What does love have to do with it!
'S and his answer and his ?
Honestly, I kind of do...Well I don't but they inspire me to do it or not to do it.
Just get her to chill out.
YOU and YOUR BF SHOULD NOT ACT on it.
if a guy likes you ,he will try to spend most of the time with you
I always wanted bad boys.
i'm clean , white , straight , in shape , and it's all for nothing right now .
and If she doesnt, you have to let her go.
I done it twice in my life and I don't regret it.
no, I just look at her eyes and give her a smooth hug, then she got what I mean
isn't that cute . He leaves his socks all over the floor .
if you already told him no and he keeps on asking, that's probably all that he cares about.
but it is nice to spread it around.
Then maybe ask them how their day is going.
ahead and walk her down the aisle.
If you do think you all that you want
no Not really Not all the time . Will someone marry a virgin ?
first , I would freaken freak out , but I guess I would say do whatever makes you happy...
That if you really feel like that , your soulmate.
Slap you silly.. and then ask you if that is what you really wanted to tell mum and dad!
did he said that he likes you??
he loves me very much and my kids.
I KNOW God has a sense of humor ...
You don't need to be someone second ever!
you really should have a boyfriend .
he's a peter puffer for life.
i agree with cracacola 85 .
If he avoids answering or brushes you off, then tell him you have a problem with this.
tell me then.............but I don't need physics thanks!
You are not that far from your amore!
depends on the individual but... yes.
People really do stupid things for love!
i guess that some people are just not open minded.
if ur not a shy one and able to start a conversation.
And I talk to her mom too.
And is always on your mind.
if you wait until the next dance and go ahead and ask him.
Honey, If he cheats w/ you, he'll cheat on you.
Wait another year , so you guys wo get in trouble.
Men lie about things that really matter?
just make sure to cup the balls.
and maybe blame what you said to him before for being drunk.
Since boys have too much testosterone(sex hormone), they prefer more physical contact...
Maybe he would ask for a dinner date or something
Just try to keep it respectable with the babie mom unless she gets unruly.
and that's when you need to put a stop on it.
depends on what kind of lady you want
But make sure it's love , not lust.
You have to be there (SOMEWHERE!)
has he been doing anything different sexually?
she might not know if she is actually in love but she will know at the end of the relationship.
If I don't call , she will not call me
Does she like hanging around you?
and when this happens , kick his butt to the curb b/c once a cheater is always a cheater.
Finding a girl to talk to on Yahoo is like pulling teeth
when you pass him in the hall , say hi!!!!!!!!
How bout just saying ....Goodbye...Good Luck...turn around and walk away.
Fool me twice, shame on me ?
sometimes you don't think of them at all , but that doesn't make you forget.
i think its fine if you love them , then the race doesnt matter .
you know what you can get over him and find something NEW!!!
Oh, and GOOD LUCK FINDING ONE!
What you mean like on Gladiators with the giant Q-tips?!!
if you have that , then just wait until the time is right.
(and you need to quit boffing your friends' ol' ladies!)
90% he likes you want to say ?
Otherwise, I don't see what's wrong with 4 1/2 feet.
how did you feel when you both broke up?
Am I going to be rich??
And don't have sex till you marry a guy!!
all he can say is yes or no!!
Why don't you ask a hippo?
Good Luck & don't give up!
Don't feel bad, I'm 15 yrs.
share with him what he loves, sports, food, interests ...
hurting someone emotionally is the worst thing you can do!
then we had a falling out and it really hurts because I can't have him anymore.
there is only one way to deal with temptation, Don't put yourself in situations where there is temptation...........
(Yes I know many kids like this) Anyone else see my point?
And what are you teaching your kids?
Ok I liked this girl since ninth grade.
there is an old saying it is better to be safe than sorry?
If NOT why, If Yes , why?
13 years ago and 2 kids later he still does.
Some guys date , like shopping for a car.
Only if you leave the Twinkies alone.
when you get the chance and when you are ready, ask her out.
Yeah those are 3 guys , but yeah , just be yourself!
thigh highs for more reasons than could possibly be named here
czz boys are boys there like that .
if you are having trouble coming up with things to say , just be like how it is going
but do feel sorry, I have another one on my way.
walk away - your yourself, for his kids, for your kid.
What do boyzs do when they fool around?
Yes if sex is all you want . Not if you want more than sex
don't say anything , just keep reading in the time you will find something.
you will be OK. So smile.
if not you then have your answer.
I never thought size mattered until I dated someone without size at all.
Then you can see him again and talk to him very easily.
i think big noses are sexy ;)
Not nearly the way they look , but simpler outlooks on life and the future
thigh High is sexy . regular is blah .
Hm.. ask her... seriously, that's the only way to know.
You really have fun studying!
love is trust..w/o it...alot of the unhappy things will happen in contact...tell him that you trust him...in his face...
If you did , you wouldn't ask this question and you wouldn't care what anyone thinks!
Either: 1) He's insecure . 2) You're cold 3) Both of you perceive each other this way.
And yes, guys think they are very sexy.
Then one girl said that one guy had a 9 inch and was bigger than the other.
Normal guys rarely approach and take a chance from a girl unless they are instinctly safe.
in other words , shut up and talk about it.
If you really like her, then you should be happy that she calls you honey.
Your self-respect/esteem is too great a price!!!
we just weren't meant to be.
i mean for sure for sure in love!
I'm pretty I just can't flirt.
WE WOULD ARGUE OVER STUPID STUFF AND STUFF OF IMPORTANCE.
dats jus nasty n slutty..o n did I mention nasty?
i have no clue what you just asked.
cuz ppl r ass holes and do understand you !
I know about love because I love a girl , but I do know what is love? is is is Is is
Revenge problems won't work, but ignoring him will.
My guess is yes he does--how long have you 2 been together??
guys have always had the burden of asking women out.
Well hiding something doesnt make it cheating.
you'll never know, people could change you know
It's not that they can't they just choose not to either .
If you have to even ask , then you must be small!!!!!
Give him a call to chat.
Converseley, I've come across an awful lot of my own kind that don't.
talk to him too much and smile at him all the time when you meet you good luck
If a guy really likes you , he should ask you out.
u don't need advice . You need to break up!
I'm not looking for a love interest , just basically a woman to hang out with and maybe other things!
Depends on what guy he is.
Because people always reach that point where they think they are going to get married and then have sex.
She might just be mad because you got him and she doesn't want to share her kids.
SHES PRETTY AND POPULAR AND I 'm NOT SO POPULAR .
No you certainly can do the walking at her request
ButI do know how to find a good guy!
I want to marry a blond with blue eyes and have little blond blue - eyed babies.
My daughter is 16 and her finacee is 18.
Don't put yourself in turmoil and remember the end is only the beginning
You don't have to do anything!
Yeah it means he loves you but not in a pervert way , in a cute way.
cuz you n't know if you found it and you ca define it
We will have to watch the show Cheaters for that episode... it's gonna be hot!!
to ur pchycologist - How can you trust someone when they think you're mad
do you already asking this because I remember answering
I am divorced once (picked the wrong guy, that's a shock, huh?!)
I have been myself lately and I like 3 guys like me!
will they be able to help you and your kids and help pay your bills?
SHE VISITED DURING THAT TIME AND THEN WE WENT TO COLLEGE.
do cheating or be the other woman it will turn around and kick you in your ass.
Even when you are 16 , you do not look at them as if they are the marring type.
that way , you can convince them you are the guy for their little girl.
face it, kids cost money - LOTS of money.
Read the Book Smart Love by Dr. Phil get it at a Library for free =)
* He comes out and says it.
I don't know what to do?
just be yourself , and try and be someone you do not and hopefully everything goes well 4 .
if you expect to do good in college.
Nope, I practice abstintence(or however you spell it)
I hope my information did some good for you!
dishonesty which leads to infidelity and so on and so forth.
If you have a question or need advice , ask me and I 'll tell you your future!
I believe I get more from relationships with people who are like me.
I I I 'm a guy I do know .
it'll get better as time goes by.
be nice and polite and ask him out.
Go and have yourself some fun.
Tell her you don't want to marry this guy and to stop calling him up.
My girlfriend met her husband at a biker party
I want a girl who loves me the same way I love her.
Well I guess all you have to do is be yourself!
and If you like me , the problem will be that you do care what other people think.
I wouldn't date either the ugly guy, or the hot guy...
I have to answer this one!
Oh And Also Its Good To Not Have A Criminal Record Lol.
Because of what kids do to you.
IN THE 12TH GRADE, SHE PROPOSED TO ME AND I ACCEPTED.
SINCERITY WILL WIN you THE HAND OF ANY WOMAN AS LONG AS you HAVE PATIENCE AND ALWAYS B URSELF.
isn't it the other way around?..
The guy always seems like he wants to ask me something , but he never does.
It I It is something most guys ca do with outside .
especially those sold on hot topics.
Well, you know women say that all the good men are either taken or gay....
well , either way , is a sign that he might be interested.
Tell her that she is pretty without being a perv about it.
so u don't get that scared.
And by the way...thanks for liking the thick chix.
and making meals , You know what he likes.
`` jus' `` ask her where she is an' there go unless you r some creepy stalker guy!
yes,if some men are pigs , then there are some bit**** out there too.
If you got it flaunt it, but have the personality and attitude to back it up girl!
If not, then remember- There is always other fish in the sea,,,don't give up-one will bite...
Try just making small talk first and smile a lot!
it's how you use your penis......the size is just a bonus.. :)
give love taps later on when you are comfortable okay.
I Fhe is good looking, what's the difference if he has hearing aids?
i am 14.. It happened to me, I could happen to you
You need to leave her alone, Trust me, your 14!
not know how and when I am going to die .
you really just know when you know.
You doing what you want do.
Yes u will don't worry ur too young right now anyways
You ca do that with children for god sake!
Since you already know he is a cheater (you told u) Why catch him?
but w/ my advice , if she is sane , you wo need it.
your thinking of confused not ,mysterios, its from trying to figure out a woman
Good luck... it's a tough row to hoe.
And, If so, why'd you marry him?
Id say wait, but if you love him , then go for it.
bitch u sick as hell, that is not da way of the Lord.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
losing your virginity to me , seems like a big let down.
I THINK IF YOU TELL THEM , YOU KNOW it COULD SCREW UP THE FRIENDSHIP . If YOU DON'T IT COULD too
I ask I yourself Am I still the woman my husband married.
Maybe they were brought up not to talk with their mouths full
you using that opening on your head that makes words come out.
Doesn't knock my friends, parents, siblings.
I I I n't worry about it much myself.
Once a cheater , ALWAYS A CHEATER!!
as all siblings do , I am sure teasing will have to go on.
Why does he want you back?
Start with Smart Love By Dr Phil
you are pathetic show some pride .
trying to breakup a marriage is not a good thing.
ask to your father and mother, they will show you an example
i never do that and never will, that 's wrong, some guys will and some guys wont.
its a matter of making the move to get things fix.
i hearing similar things from him.
I guess you wear hearing aids, I bet you are beautiful and think that that matters.
probably young , but I hope you find someone.
anyone have any idea what sites I can go to to get something extra special.
Because I am not Mr. GQ.
if you do see his reflection , you better run.
If he truly liked you, height would not matter!
We are friends but I really want to go out with her!
If she doesn't, then you need to MOVE ON...
first off , go to college so you can make your own money!
Maybe You just have a problem.
If I were you , I would not worry about the place as much as the person I was with.
bz if you really luved him den u sud b happy to b wid him no matter what happens
my family... They're the love of my life... so, my love story revolves around them...
It it It also depends if he is really cute.
I have one right now and it's taking me forever to get rid of it.
HERE'S A THOUGHT . Let's BOTH TELL THEM AND SEE WHAT HAPPENS.
- nothing against the guy, though!
not pretend to be someone else whom you're not!
he wants to see, or likes.
First, why aren't you having sex?
IF YOU HAVE TO TAKE A CLOSE FRIEND WITH YOU to BACK BONE.
.i suppose, you have never had relations with?
NO It's Stupid to do that.
If he gets defensive , then maybe you need to worry.
GRAB THE HIGH HEELS, PUT THE FACE ON AND TAKE THAT SEXXY DRESS from THE CLOSET AND GO ..
(atleast for this full lipped gal)
Umm I want to know I f ill have a bf this year and withh who?
let em know what happens K Tiger
OMG...are you seriously asking this question?
do ciber-date, do be a geek !
do pressure her, let her come to you.
Yes I GO IN THE Christian CHAT ROOMS , BUT YOU STILL HAVE TO WATCH IT IN THOSE CHAT ROOMS .
lot it been unpleasant w/o him.
it varries from place to place
and You should go out and have fun .
but remember if she comes , the winner is not u. both of you.
if you like a guy... date him.
Maybe you haven't had any in awhile.Maybe you have wet dreams or maybe you're just a freak.
Yes, I really am the best looking guy in the world!
and not need to rely on the guy.... second , they say love conquers all ?
it is one of the best things to do!
do you really want to go for a girl who only wants a sexual relationship with you
get over him and find someone new........
i am so hurt and confused by this.
yes , but they do not speak very well English
take you fishing far off shore
last time he says any of that.
you was the one that seemed hesitant about being with him then.
it should be both of yours.
do not try to mention your talents or abilities, sacrifice , etc.
Her name is Jeanne Owens thank you .
If you're not that type of person , don't try it, it won't do you any good.
does he only come out at night or something?
Would you like to know that your wife is in love with someone else?i'm sure you wouldn't appreciate. it
paranoia thinking you are the only sainone in the world (but I really am)
Just remember guys get intimidated real easily
it can be (some sometimes ) actually some very few times!
You guys must be really close for her to ask this of you.
maybe your boyfriend is one of them, but it doesn't really sound like it.
YOU SHOULD GET RID OF THAT ASHOLE!!!
secret or no secret.u have to let it out.it's never too soon to be in Luv!
`` Say you want d'U think about alligators as the ultimate survivors of the dinosaur ages dude?
MAybe if you offered to let me date Johnny Depp then I'd be HAPPY!!!!!
Love is not hard to find , you just look too hard.
I don't know if this guy likes me.
This sounds like my youngest uncle.
Yea 'm 16 and I 'm Catholic
we will lead it the way we want to .
find out why your mom doesn't like her and fix it to make her like your girl
he just needs to get his head on straight.
start by going to places that you enjoy.
find yourself a good girl , not a piece of s**t.
since you say he's so nice, what is there 4 2 worry about??
other than Bangkok,never go there in September.
iasked my wife to marrie me only after 3 days .
If she doesn't care whatever you say, then leave her alone.
U have not done anything wrong.
She is already married to Jesse James (Monster Garage)
Never, ever mess with a married man.
depends on what type of guys you like.
it only becomes a sin when you make fun of it.
makes you sound a bit trashy.
usually I'm very advertrous but not not 4 1/2 ft , especially when I'm 6 ft .
If she can't forgive him, then it's over.
Anyone who won't even say hi isn't worth your time, anyway.
the one beside the little finger.
or maybe putt putt something fun and inexpensive
that is just not what we do.
once you have that question answered, then you probably already know what to do first.
Does he not want to marry me after
if Your friends , you probably have trouble asking her out.
Why do they act like pigs to you?
feb 15, payday and am able to buy stuff for my valentine!
twice..anyone can make a mistake once
if him with a new guitar u dont need him.
BUT THINKING OF GIVING HER ANOTHER CHANCE.SHOULD I AFTER ALL THE PAIN FROM HER?
after reading details, I would be especially
But Then again Guys Lol.
18, if it is a serious relationship
flirt with him..watch his response and you can make out.
He is a jerk to ask you anything like that!!!!!
WELL , IF YOU LIKE HER a lot AND YOU ARE DYING FOR HER , YOU SHOULD ASK HER OUT.
All guys are not pigs, just the ones that go oink.
Get a life and make some friends.
Why do you still talk to her ?
i like doing that stuff(having sex)
Well....maybe if you count when my mom was still calling me her baby when I was 16.
if all he cares about is sex and not you , then he isn't worth being with at all.
make my voice louder so that he wo use his hearing aids anymore...duh?
up to you how you think about others....
Thanks, I needed that...... really, I did.
I think it's dangerous that this guy even wants to be friends with you.
The The bigger the man... the bigger the baby.
Just tell him how much you love him, but don't smother the guy.
which would you choose and why?
tale the time to actually talk about it.
i would say-yes-if you both agree, what's the problem ?
i'm only 18. I love him and I think I'm ready , but I just need a little advice.
no she is sleeping with your neighbor
during the 13 years I 've been active only 4=)
Don't ever try to decieve your mate.
definitely call him or email him , make it sound casual ya know.
YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE TO CHANGE YOURSELF TO MAKE HIM FALL BACK IN LOVE WITH YOU.
It helps a lot to have a medeator... Good Luck, that is a tough one.
then just kinda slip some words in a casual conversation .
when it hurts to look back & ur too scared to look,ahead,look beside you & I'll be there.
picking her up . She'll think its cute and prolly kiss you!!
you have the right to walk away.
You Really do have anything to lose
try to be yourself . Try it . You will like it.
OK My ex - girlfriend broke up with me and she said she wants to get back with me.
13-24, then at about 25, you should get married to someone.
It showed me that he really cared about ME.
u dont get over it.... u move on.
i got a question: when was the last time that he said `` I love you?
he just know how to use it.
O man that su(ks so majorily.
every lead that I have persued has become a dead end .
let's be honest , he probably won't.
not in Florida but still need friends
many men who do this know what they do . They just tell the women
watching the woman who has all the guys ' attention and watching how she moves
sometimes they don't know what to say.
well I love to be touched everywhere.
NOW FAST FORWARDING TO THIS Christmas BREAK.
Usually big feet means big dick.
It may be different for you , though
Do you see what I mean ?
Sure, It's ok, if she's interested.
suggest me some ways to ask her out?
Does a kiss on the cheek count as a first kiss?
i going to a dance at the weekend end and I want to ask him to go with me.
U deserve better...find you a guy that really likes YOU!!
I don't really think about it at all.
And I believe what it says.
beat the liven shit out of them
well, dat depends...if you have a really good relationship worth jepordizin or not!
The next night I babysit the Doe's.
if so it could get kinda strange
The age-old question: do something fun, or something for the long-term?
anything I can do to know better a girl?
So you're afraid to ask him out.
hahaha I think it is supposed to be Psychic?
You said my guy is not interested in making a lot of money.
also which one loves you back?
go to college and get a great career then .
email me at clairebaire5590@yahoo.com and I 'm a cheerleader
A teddy bear that says I love .
Unless I'm attracted to him . Why should I care?
he probably doesn't call you much because you two are together.
So good luck with that, and hopefully she'll understand :o)
i would guess either too slutty or too much work
You not so limited when picking a friend or a lover.
Unless you have kids , but you didn't give the info
At 17 , you're still vulnerable, & still got a lot to learn.
ignore it or break up with this person
If the guy is clingy and insecure , then almost no matter what you do , you're hosed.
You are way too young to worry about this guy or any else
I,ve always heard that but I do believe that the case all the time
look clean too, You can be scruffy, but be clean scruffy
#2 I still sorta love him.
How could you jepordize your relationship with your best friend?
I can't get her hurt look off my mind, I keep seeing it over and over in my mind.
i think 6 years already too long, what's so special about him?
you ca go on like this.
Like I said, just tell her you say stupid things when you're nervous or something.
Ya so he always talks about this girl that he likes but will never talk to her!
i went to prom myself me some things are better with another person.
you don't have to break it off.
It is totally different from this girl.
Picking her up seems like the best choice.
it probably seems that way because that's what people see on the internet and on TV and in movies.
How do you ask a girl tHAT YOU'VE KNOWN FOR MANY YEARS
you definitely need to wait till you know the time is right .
do you like your friend better or your ex better?
I do LIKE BEiNG CALLEd THAT every day , especially AROUND OTHERS.
u may know that she's loves you by gestures.
But first I have to ask how much you know about this lady?
i mean , if hes your bf then where he chooses should be good enough.
haha you sure have a wild imagination, huh?
all normal guys want is a quickie.
Remember, Guys use love to get sex, girls use sex to get love.
Good luck, I just dealt with this problem myself.
i like to love this person but I have told my parents , so I don't know what to do.
i dunno, that is a good question .
In life , things always go our way.
Send me a signal dude, this is YOUR happ;iness.
Really I do like BIG lips , but they have to be juicey and look kissable...
i 'm just curious cuz I think I have found mine.
but choose wisely & youll find a nice place
it is just that she has a breast.
i really think it depends on the person!
Girls can look even more stupid most of the time.
ive waited all my life, and I am truly happy.
Im not usually like this with other girls though.
let him find out about the stripper part on his own.
JUST BE YOURSELF BUT MAKE HIM SEE WHAT HE IS MISSING.
I AM THE YOUNGEST CHILD IN OUR FAMILY.
i have been in love with another man for the last 9 years.
i couldnt handle seeing him w/ another.
I'm like 5'2, and the guy I like is like 6'3, maybe taller.
Do you really want to kiss someone who doesn't want to kiss you
Could be you just want out.
There many who believe in this stuff.
and how do you overcome that all your friends have their partner and you do
So be young and have fun!
don't hang with them too much.
haha..tell em...just be like look u need to fallback a little bit . ur stressin me it works
are you a perfectionist?if your answer is yes,i guess it 's related to it .
What could he possibly be searching for with another that you two do not share anymore?
I like this girl but I 'm shy about asking her out.
as far as her being a stripper..its hard to say.
Great sex is a good idea .
You can either play it off like you don't care - It's just talking, what's the big deal?
dnt u think that she would like betta if you picked her up
Yes , because after your marriage you should be confident you won't get herpes.
its wrong for you to make him leave his wife.
Then the A****** got her pregnant.
yes a lot do but in my family not ever
What's so wrong with men working and women staying home with the kids?
And no, you're not rushing anything.
show him your not afraid of making the first move.
searching for new friends but always never think about marriage
find it when you least expect it .
What is a good size on a guy?
find a guy thatll like you for who you are-- never get desperate.
The hard core is a lot more graphic,ss displayed penitration, and has all the moaning w/ back background music.
hanging out with friends, chat online, or call someone when you feel lonely.
I WOULD LOVE TO TELL HER , BUT THE FRIENDSHIP WE SHARE IS VERY IMPORTANT TO ME.
i met mine while driving through town.
Because you probably have to pee!
so If anyone knows anything , please let me know.
Well , you're gonna do what you want in the end anyway.
and I have a 4.5 or something gpa.
all the mail that is from nobody, advertisement that bother.
It's why we're all here now!
WE'LL TELL; YOU ONE THING ONE MINUTE AND SOMETHING ELSE THE NEXT..
be yourself buy her flowers , something really nice...
if it's 1 kid , $5 or more $6 each
Some like assertive, some like shy (don't be too shy though, cuz women will think you're a wimp).
I had a boyfriend for 8 years and we split after we had a baby.
I just playing a song to him, then I told him how I felt about him.
It depends on what type of person you are!
he just reaching out to compensate for something
trying to stop thinking of him and try to find another guy who is even better.
its not about how big it is , but how you work it.
see I am a new student there, so she only knows me .
How can I do it at the gym?
Or do you just wanna have 2 ladies in bed with you getting feaky every night?
I think I know this guy...is it a brown bag with a picture of Brad Pitt on it?
Cuz we were soooo born that way.
The (ugly dudes) get the pretty women because of what they have devolped.
that way , her way , her parents get to see how you look first.
no, sample the goods before you marry them
if you do not do it , someone else will.
You could also be just so awesome a friend that they really DON'T want to ruin it.
Love that comes with money ;-)
Because ugly Guys are so nice and girls like nice , I guess!
I wouldn't give him my number...I would get his.
She looked at me and I saw the hurt look on her face.
The stripper is not the worst she could be.
Yeah ya know people met other people,and you grow apart
My husband found me on q 106 Rock n roll date , which is a radio station.
How about getting him a really cool pair of shades?
okay, maybe I am just shooting off, but really.
then it is meant to be .
i am 25 years old and here is my opinion...i don't think it would matter at all!!
Ever hear the saying : First time, shame on them.
i need pic first and info who are you?
because if so, uh...why would she?
uh thigh highs...no one wears pantyhose anymore...it's so damn 80's
love is hard because your nervous and shy
PICK YOUR BATTLES WITH US, BUT ALWAYS MAKE US PAY FOR OUR SCREW UP'S
or sometimes we just want to be perfect or we're just stupid sometimes.
If not then you shouldn't have any problems!
Sometimes people don't mean to do that, it's just how they naturally talk.
I'm right there with you bro.
wait until you both calm down and talk to them nicely and work it out
lucky you do not have to pick a partner (husband or wife) at that young age.
calling them the ladies won't help... *shrugs*
you do have to be his girlfriend.
sending it through a good friend of
but if you go to some pro, use it compulsorily.
There is no way to tackle one Iamone I should know!!
if I was your brother and I just told you I want to be a girl.
For now , just have fun and focus on the important things, school, family, and good honest friends :)
wow I can't believe you just asked that!
My friend Mack the wise says it depends if she is a prostitute .
you should probably pick her up.
THE PAST IS THE PAST,IF IT is SOMETHING GOD AWFUL , KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT.
if he does like you because your short , hes not the boy for you
swing to bring another partner into bed?
That would be in my experience anyways.
u probably want if it was a short relationship
If you really want know , hang around some of his friends and ask about without asking.
'm 33 YEARS OLD AND THE BIGGEST CHANGES IN MY love life HAPPENED BETWEEN THE AGE OF 19 AND 25.
believe do never let a guy do that good for that .
cause he needs to understand that ur going out wit someone
definetly, just try open hearted & be honest about your love.
that's what my friends say^_*)(you know how guys are!
i've been wit my bf for 4 months and we are really serious.
should I tell him I like him?
you have the right to go out with who you want.
i really do see the big deal about interracial dating!
junk mail is just as it says, junk mail.
if its b/c you lonely than you need to find more friends and not a boyfriend
a little young, so don't worry about that kind of stuff.
Seriously, I doubt she is the bride of Satan, he would probably kick your ass.
If she's not interested, move on!
At least that 's what ids do.
The type of person you're trying to attract (a decent girl) is most likely to be hanging out where?
If he had true feelings for you don't you think he'd do anything for you
you saying he's perfect 4 u. Well, if that is true, you have 2 C what happens.
Hope That was of some help .
If he says yes , then hoo rah.
They both know it would hurt you!
It it It is all about your starting to meet him and being as one.
concetrate on what you have going for you right now and what interests you.
did you try to talk to him?
There is a chance he will go back out with you , because most guys don't forget the girls they love.
but if it means with a boy well then yah it a tough time but ...oh well....MOVE ON!
my Nickname: Vanessitacool Reason: My name is Vanessa, 'm not tall, and I 'm cool!
But if not well.. Hey you tried and all that counts.
Why would you want to hurt the mother or father of your children?
Ever heard the saying Fool me once, shame on you.
i think it changes over time , but not at the end... you probably drift apart
joining reunion.com . They will search for friends
i know that it hurts and it takes time to get over him.
being happy , but the 2000 style word I think means liking a man when u r a man
and asking her if she really loves you.
whayever you do , do say it not you it me that horrible
Nice guys don't refer to their girlfriends as ho.
because of the testosterone, it retards them
and then, you have to consider the other person.
All girls are faithful til they get caught.
Rejocie that you are not whaded down and go to a party and Flirt Flirt FLIRT.
your 13 What are you doing with a boyfriend?
and where you live . My e-mail is iwalktheline247
si yo hablo espanol...por que lo preguntas??
beleive me she was very very sexy.
2 tell you the truth . I don't know
you could just be friends with benefits.
just tell him how you feel.
these things to make it easier to approach her if you know who she is.
trust me, when you find the right guy, itll be well worth the wait.
go sleep with his best friend
before the clothes even come off, What kind of things get you guys excited?
When you always thinking about that person.
Sorry I wasnt up to par.
My problem is that I don't have a license and cannot drive over to see him.
you might be shy, or just nervous.
that would be a reAL TURN OFF.I WANT HER IN HER REAL BODY.
ANY WHERE AND EVERYWHERE WALFREENS CVS PHARMACY PUBLIX WINN DIXIE YOUR LOCAL GAS STATION CORNER STORE GROCERY STORE
Do you realize there are husbands out there who really don't want their wives in bed with them?
like every thing seen act the way he doesnt like , then he will get very mad and dumped .
i hope you;re not having sex . Don't worry.
I I I do believe it is easy in mexico . Good luck.
He's telling you he's happily married, but wants to be w/ you?????
make it easy for the both of you.
but 3 years is too much
That depends if a guy or a girl
i should now when I 'm a dancer, but for some reason.....I do
do not listen to what your friends say.
Good luck and buy him a shot for me, will ya?
but it is their problem , not your my friend.
I asked- Where can I get married outside the USA easily & fast
but when we n't break up yet , we always talk on the phone or text up to 9pm only!!
better leave things as they are.
Don't ask yes or no questions.
people will only do stuff for you or around you if you allow it.
if your best friend hates you, then why are you best friends?
If you can't afford a nice dinner , then you can't afford to have a girlfriend....what are you thinking of?
But do give it at least a year, especially if there are kids involved.
that would be your chance to introduce yourself
Does this guy even know you???
Do guys think they are sexy?
Not 100% sure ..but ... it has be be Anna Nicole Smith and that old rich dude.
you wrote; IN LOVE like my first response....HELL NO!
The guy is a real a**hole too hang out around!
you know yourself better than anyone, know what is good and bad about you, so trust in yourself
What if you lose the girl that you love?
be urself..if She does like you 4 who suffers and is not a good person .
a guy that worries about his size might have a problem.
please don't give room for the devil.
sure , but you pay for the first date
and why does this question arise in your head now?
Yes my only best friend in the world is a girl and I am a boy .
first of all...not all guys are just after sex.
The Funny thing is, they're probably like that themselves, too.
the answer is because you took her place , so she thinks.
no not all guys , only the ones that have self-esteem issues.
Are there any women out there that like big brothers?
so then you won't be so scared .
i've always wondered about this myself.
carefully, but it happens, starting with the buddy/ friend thing before you go to sex.
but right now, focus on being you and and what makes you happy.
Why not tell your lover what you feeling?
Pick the one you like more...
or you could prolong both of their pain and torture dem both in many, many ways!
It but he is waiting for the best time .May It be when you are alone.
well, you don't really have to take note of where they're from or what they believe in.
no teeth, more mouth than a hand and with the other hand you tighten the balls ;-)
a boy and a girl who do have a relationships should be alone together.its a sin...
Nope it is supposed to be like that.i see boys having girlfriends 6 years younger than me.
i will :] lol haha jm wow wow.. sad question..
do something that you can't help him.
now he acts like he is pissed off at me for giving him attiude am i right or wrong?
Then you will be so happy.
and no don't sleep with them they might have something
Give it time, give him space and time to think and sort things out..
...you know, the one with plants inside- honest question but I am not stupid.
it doesn't seem to matter anymore.
do you really know what love is .
it it it really just depends on who you think iz better become a friend or more!
Kick him in the 'nads, then dump him.
Plus he can hide all kinds of stuff in there .
cheek kiss is ok, hug is better.... 1st kiss on the 1st date?that is lust....relationship won't last long.....
Most girls think that it is the guys job to make the first move.
You just got to know when you find the one.... You just have to trust your heart.....
OR, HAVE ONE OF your FRIENDS DO IT.
hiring sex buddies to come to your house and get strippers if you like that .
start cheating on them and tell them you do like your own medicine , huh?
I saw a girl I guess with lukemia or something,she was gorgeous!
My best friend 's dad died and mom was closer to suicide after four months rather than dating guys
if you love each other completely
i do think that you can compare love.
well 'm 20 and have never gone for a date.
if you're not and don't go to NFA and live in Ct don't even answer.
If you like god, a church.
Why don't YOU think she likes you the way you do?
Maybe He just needs a little help!
women use it to get what they want when they want it.
and I say that boys all the time that I like.
as long as he or she is legal
we headed back to the party and I felt really good about her.
i doubt it will work but, its worth a shot
here but ca do it in the army!
the It depends on both the girl & the guy.
girl go out w/ a man who is totally bald.
you need to get over her.
i know if I'm not getting laid - somethin's wrong and it's not gonna last long like that!
First of all, you have to be hot.
that means that she loves you
I couldn't tell you dude... women are strange creatures.
Why do you ask him if he n't answer maybe he's gay ?
December 8th, I called him to tell him happy 30th
it shouldn't piss them off . I am a girl and it doesn't piss me off.
And also, what about hairy chests?
I do want to break up and make a mistake.
passion and the love for extasy
i would just try to tell her that her being negative makes you unhappy.
Stupid movie .. You know what's going to happen , but you cry anyway!
I n't LOOK AND WHEN I DO, I FIND THE WRONG PERSON COMPLETELY.
WILL YOU GO OUT WITH ME?
no It is just his LINE to try and get you on your back
i really hurt by that... she doesnt deserve you
You guys are already friends and it sounds like he was interested in you too.
Please explain how old you are and when and where it happened.
eat carb foods and starches- pasta, rice, potatoes,pancakes etc.. and friend foods-chocolate always helps and don't exercise
now, let's get down to business.
Any advice you want to listen to?
bring her flowers, kiss her, touch her butt unless she likes it .
If he say's he is gonna work late.
Give it a little while . I am pretty sure you 2 will be back together.
if you want to make love, maybe a gigolo....
I I I n't be mad, I'd just pick better friends.
if you made out with him , then yes, if not, then no
You either love him or you don't.
go find a guy in person!
guess those aren't great places to look for a man.
not until at least the 3rd date.
Find him and bang him like no other.
at least it seems so , judging by all the people asking about that.
do waste your time on him!!!
My mail address... guys_millenium@yahoo.com.... CHAT id... guys_millenium ......
what you consider fun , might not be what another person thinks is fun .
if you feel right for each other... if you feel happy no matter what..
He takes the safe fun, you the sure shit.
It Sounds like you got a lot of hang ups though.
i wanted to kiss him but there were some people that talked shit.
OK, First of all , not all women are like your ex.
I can't have a girl who doesn't shave her legs, Fyi.
no, but maybe this will help.Good Luck .
he was not going to live with me to help me.
My friend is a little bit of a control freak.
Your avitar looks cute and kinda like mine.
wait this one out, He seems to be either shy or ashamed...
I enjoy being me no matter how lonely or depressed I get.
reading your story hurt me too . I 'm sorry for it .
you should be looking for a girl that likes you...
it takes a bigger woman to walk away than to stay and fight.
yes it does, but should be done like having sex with just someone , but that special someone; slowly!
Start a funny or unusual topic...
if you casually chat and have no emotional connections and do participate in online sex, then no.
then again I may not be looking very hard, though.
I don't really think it's the ring that matters!
size matters , but to what effect?
if he still adores you if you tell him you are not interested ,maybe there might be something there?
I met him through a friend and I totally trusted her that he was a great guy.
i have no idea if you find out . Tell me
Get out and get alimony NOW!
Do not talk to her on the phone, online, in person, etc.
The Better is not the word I would use, they are just different.
Im a skinny woman and fat men turn me on.
whatever you did to him . It probably isn't worth holding a grudge for 5 years.
My boyfriend of 2 and 1/2 years has a best friend whose wife HATES ME!
This COULD BE A SIGN TO LEAVE WHO YOU ARE WITH.
Good luck, there is a man out there for you!!!
babe hes just using her for sex... and probably will try to do the same with you...
a nice guy will just not play as hard as a bad one, same is true for girls.
Why would you want to become a fool?
Kill her and him , then you
No not at all , ugly people need love to ya know
And we thought we were freaky, crazy
Then ask her to marry you.
THEY WANT an EASY GIRL THAT WILL LET THEM INTO BED.....AND THAT'S NOT YOU.
Girls around here are too prude for their (or my) own good.
That guy is so crazy and probably has issues, its not you hon.
that even answer all the weird questions
dude It takes time to know when you are ready to get married!
his so - called 'friend' that takes him to and from work smokes too.
But what the hell, there is nothing really wrong with that.
I 'm READY TO GO WITH HIM.
Zodiac doesn't matter that much for stuff like this.
If so , why do you think you do it?
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
He keep it trimmed for me . You know where??
never - it only causes more problems and most people can't ever forget it .
one word: gay . He is really gay.
tell her that you need some time alone and you don`t want to be with anyone right now
If you want to marry a man, do!
tell her u meant it in a kinda wait-a-go way.
throw a scrap of meat in a bar.
ask her if she didn't get coal for Christmas.
Hmmm...intersting...someone who is annoyed by a guy saying hi.
Eat some candy - get that blood sugar going!
Ditch her; leave her in the dirt!
HEY!WHO DA HELL IS UR WIFE boyfriend IS!THEY SHUD STAY IN your HOUSE
no it is not I hope you didnt do dat cuz you could mess up your relationship
Now..I need to tell you that the reality is this: NOTHING is gonna happen between you and me..ever.
some women do some don't that is a personal choice .
Why does a dog lick its butt?
YOU'LL HAVE THINGS TO REMEMBER WHEN you GET OLD .
Then gradually go back to punk.
i hardly ever see him at school either . Usually I see him at my brothers ' basketball games .
Am I alone in this ?
if ur happy with the person and willing to sacrifice anything for him/her....then ur love
when you feel sexy boys are looking for that
Well, has he ever said he didn't love you when he cheated??
But if you really want him to like you, you should hang out with him.
The All THEY REALLY WANT IS A PIECE OF YOUR ASS.
1 suggestion,,,, get a pre nup
u just haven't found it yet.
When you get your emotions in the right place . Everything will come together!
I got my girlfriend coz she was the first one to make the move!
flurt but not to talk to the one you like and call him or her
i should be asking myself that!
Now, this guy told her he couldn't go around with her.
and You will be wondering how this happened .
i do not understand what you are asking
ca help you there and you should lower your goals a little
If you think she's lying to ya, then she is probably lying.
i tell my mom or dad when I have a boyfriend to let them be aware!
My dad is moving out of Jan. 15, but it's not soon enough!!
Would he have a problem if you sucked your baby down a sink if you were pregnant?
just watch his behavior and you will decide after
If that happening then you better watch out.
getting his number and then wait to see if he will call back.
I HAVE BOTH YOUNGER & OLDER FRIENDS
I really didn't want to marry him.
you will have the man that has your personalty
If she really hates you that much for no reason, then she's psycho and you should just avoid her.
If the guy is JUST a friend , then I don't see a problem with it.
Thats the way it is boys....thank you hormones.
Do I just attract crazy people?
there is nothing like judging that one thing.
i hope you are not a hater of thick girls.
Seriously..I always seem to find the hidden psycho in the guys I date.
IF HE CARES FOR YOU, AND RESPECTS YOU , HE WILL UNDERSTAND.
Do I just attract crazy people?
there is nothing like judging that one thing.
i hope you are not a hater of thick girls.
Seriously..I always seem to find the hidden psycho in the guys I date.
IF HE CARES FOR YOU, AND RESPECTS YOU , HE WILL UNDERSTAND.
When you do reason any more.
I felt like I was dying....and in some ways I was I guess.
I was reading and thinking, wow that sucks!
Everyone she has slept with you will then be with too...think about that one!
You know ( but you have to make the first move )
whoever feels more comfortable making the first movie
but if you are ready , then you will know.
I hope it works out for you, I know its rough with little ones involved.
My question is isn't that like having your cake and eating it too ?
Well you can just use yahoo answers.
especially if she says she loves him and has sex with him and gets freaky with him.
It sounds like that she has full custody and you have visitation rights.
I WOULD LOVE TO SEE MY MOM HAVE HER SPECIAL DAY.
it's all about the chemistry between the couple
no b-cause I started dating at the age of 12 and I didn`t do anything stupid .
90% hes somone u never thought he would be!
my love for her will not pass . How can I get her back
not really, I've been down that road a couple of times.
When you find that special person.
it should be you directing yourself
Guys are smarter, they get treated like crap and out she goes and good riddance to her!
They had a child 3 years ago.
sayyyy, an 18 year old with raging hormones.
I love a fuzzy faced man!
For men and women, but not any men or women.
love takes no account of a wrong suffered
Ok I was in a similar situation!
remember to keep it cool be yourself .
Maybe she wants and looks for something more in a person.
IF YOU LIKE HER ENOUGH AND CAN SEE A FUTURE with HER
ive always ended up with shorties but always longed for a tall , beautiful
go ask your gym , go buy a book it works
You can't test a guy like that.
because I am with a girl named Yasmine
when you find the right guy
carefully, so you wo get hurt.
Marry the guy, he probably really loves you.
This guy was talking to his friend . I was so late two days friend: Why what happened?
* One more thing, he has to make me feel like his girl, like he's proud to have me.
I am a shy guy and I am not lying.
You cn always get a bigger ring later!
I nice male would never do that!
honey I do know , but when you find out , tell me please .
because you do want to rush right into things!
no , chances are he is just interested in one thing.
If a guy likes you, don't worry, he will call.
You can't help who you fall in love with and love has no color!
i love my dog, and I am not attracted to her.
you never meant to be rude.
I was 13 and it was with a boy I am still in love with today .
This is a casual place for people who just want to relax and have fun.
Give him time and probably have space to sort things with his ex.
enjoy your life , which is a waste.
because you're empty and lonely.. is it clear!
Maybe you'll get both, like my husband!
Does that means everyone does - NO.
u don't need to depend on a guy.
i always in love not only with the opposite sex but also with people surrounding me....
You just tell them you don't need that in your life!
it varies on the people , but generally men do, sorry guys
people always want to wat they ca have duh
My husband was gone a lot and I got used to doing my own thing.
sometimes You will stay hard for too long. time
Few men like to go with a girl MUCH taller than them.... well, except TOM Cruise, maybe.
Girls faking so much, you can never tell.
he says he smokes because his job is stressful , but he always tells me that he always has fun.
hey Why do gay guys use ribbed condoms.
Go up to her and tell her that.
keep them in your heat, and move on!
So if you find your shoe.........care for that soul.
WHAT IS MAKING YOU LOVE THIS OTHER PERSON IS SHE/HE IS FALLING SOMETHING THAT THE OTHER IS NOT.
(9 out of 10 times if someone has cheated, they will cheat again).
think about what you are about to do.
Word like( Hoooo, yes baby, Come in on me....) are usually heard.
Oh well, it is not what you asked about.
And I don't know what to do.
The m and m's make people's lives easier, but they do not know what is the most important...!!
if you start listening to love songs.. and soon you sing along to them.
And A real friend wouldn't do that.
if you ca get her out of your head,, that 's it....
If this person is a man...simple...Don't do it!
for guys they don't but for women they go together unless they are really sick emotionally.
(i had no more room x.X lol)
Just saying hi and take it slow.
When it happens, you will know.... :)
and She blames the men for them even though she was the one that cheated .
-SOme kissing techniques would be nice..list some if you get any -How do you inpress a girl (P.S.
He is probably more scared of talking about it than you!
1st time he asks, say: Love is /so/ overrrated!
aleast she is trying effort to look good!
aww I'd think that was the sweetest thing ever
this is the best way to get a friend
dunno.. mayb coz they din go visit their doctor lately..
wants every guy to like her, she got felt up by every guy in 6th grade!
and if so , what are those places
Well , how about a friend, and I can tell you that I'm not old . I'm barely 16 . I'm anthony
sorry, I'm an American, but I'd still be your friend
I SAY IT'S THEIR DAY AND THEY CAN DO WHAT THEY WANT.
The girl may walk to the guy and start asking them about gym tips :)
so remember it is a game guys and girls play.
Or maybe you're not doing enough flirting if you do like them?
HE said after he had sex with her , he told her he was sure that they were over.
If he tries to get help and makes mistakes .
:) I love questions like this.
and I had a lot more to say about it, but I 'm sick, so I 'm gonna go die now.
And I think she likes me because she always sit's by me in science.
So do get upset when women do faun over you because you're a sensitive guy with no money.
you will know when you find the love of your life responsible and mature enough
Why do you need someone sexy to talk to?
Are you scared and feel responsible because he is there to take care of you
omgzors be like teh 1337 pwnzors and say Go OuT WiTh Me like a prep
i'm in the same situation, it totally sucks.
The Since the peach was bad , The rest is always bad!
ladies will say either yes or no..
but if you don't and they find out then you are so busted!
first start by throwing everything of their's away, then ask your friends to not talk about her.
no way , it would just be like starting over at the beginning again .
Don't believe me now, but you will soon find out.
if you think he is mature enough to hear the reason.
I would not want a friend who fights a lot, Why does she fight?
you have to wait . Not be stupid If he wants your relationship , He will call you first
Or tell him that you like someone else.
Don't have kids just because someone else wants you too.
Just because they're a kid doesn't mean that they don't always know when something isn't right.
Right now she seems kinda lost.
So, why do you want to get married?
I love a guy with a great attitude!
Just for your safety , ALWAYs MEET in public.
she will start abusing your boys physically .
consider him as he is a looser and go next!!
Do yoga...free your mind...get a puppy....just be FABULOUS!!!
u can find anywhere 2 have a good girl..but you just have 2 be careful of some of them...:)
and what if it was your first time and his third
Her mom found out and she laughed , but I was never allowed to sleep over again
Because After a certain point, all they think about is Sex, sex, sex, sex!
My man is the most masculant guy I know and he was the most understanding when I told him!
may I know his chikka id for the past years?
like any sensible person , it's my career, my family and my girlfriend.
Tell your b/f to get them.
Yes I do, I am in one right now, and we are engaged to be married.
tell him that you had an accident yesterday ... and note his reaction
Then again, maybe you are just 'seeing' things?
YOU like them even while you love them
I'm a blonde and I have a blast!
Ask her if she wants to go see a movie or whatever.
People always want what is not so easy to get.
It's called testosterone,u can't help him.
if she was single for like a week or less , then go with your gut!!!
if she moving closer to you.
I'm in Okinawa, Japan and I was just wondering how I find and win a Japanese girls heart.
Does anyone have any ideas about what I should do?
Why not, you've got nothing to lose!
you may not see any girls that like your mind..
Let her catch you cheating on her.
If he does not do that, then don't waste your time because he is just playing the field.
But beware, I can be bad times too(if u no wat i mean) LOL Just messin wit ya.
Well, I guess it's just the same as the song that goes..love moves in mysterious ways ;)
yeah, I agree with the first two.
Honey You should try on my number . 00 92 300 6447783
Remember: Once a cheater is always a cheater.
and when you're married, you get lots of practice and don't have to worry about diseases!
i really like this guy and I 'm really crazy about him and I don't know if he 'm in love
Is this a bad thing...should I feel offended???
If you can't apply these 3 words at least once every day you're NOT LIVING you're EXISTING!!
-HOw do women wanna be Kissed?
The same thing happened to me . I DO MUCH BETTER AS A SINGLE MOTHER .
I thought my hearing aid was broken!
Total stranger, and I said yes.
it cannot last forever long
If not, then you are cheating.
enjoy the game but do get caught up in it.
If anyone here says shy guy , they are lying like the devil.
the the the the the with 1.mexican boy 2.american boy 3.spanish boy 4.iranian boy 5.chinese boy
I like my man's hair (armpits, chest, belly & legs).
Why do you want to forget it?don't forget , just move on.
Should I have sex at the age of 13
DO NOT LET HIM SEE THE THINGS THAT YOU SHOULD GIVE (THE LOVE, AFFECTION, CARE, ETC)TO SOMEONE ELSE 's ARMS.
are you sure it isnt just lust, infatuation, physical attraction or just puppy love.
Why do they make fun of you?
If you need to talk, honorarius@yahoo.com
but she ran off and wont talk to me--what should I do????
generally speaking , it's just gross IMO .
So let your man keep his hair...EVERY.
But It's very hard to be!
between those 2 names personally I would pick Kyle!!
3rd time: I like you like a friend, but you're not what I'm looking for.
Save your it for the I told you so stage or you could snap a few pics!
That`s just dirty , especially if he has kids, it`s degrating.
just be yourself yourself and the rest will come
THEY BOTH HAVE BEEN MARRIED BEFORE AND HAD CHILDREN.
Just take it easy on her.
...and why they did not work.
BUT!, If he's like all the other guys on the planet , he just likes punching the monkey...
And men please don't even bother to defend yourselves because you know it's true!
I say.. GET OUT WHILE you CAN... find another boy... you deserve much better!
but actually , you'll regret it later.
i always wonder about people who feel they have to drink to have a good time.
that had happened to me and I felt like kicking her ***.
both of You are mature enough to discuss this like two people that are just friends.
if she started cheating on you .
men orgasm faster, so it's a point of mine to satisy my female first
Do they like you if you do not give up
same thing happened to me 12 yrs ago!!!
i think a BAD girl is that person who is not HONEST to anyone!
i like both of my friends who are close and trust me a lot.
I mean I dont agree with it either . I feel u on that.
No need to anymore *BIG SMILES*
goofy is one thing , but not a fool.!
but, you can look but, can't touch.
then maybe you will learn how to kiss better.
im glad you fixed your spelling, and yes.
ooohh, be very careful with that one.. I know you're all excited about getting together with your chatmate.
it wasnt you , it was all him
it is different for every guy.
and who knows among those who are always there.
and you can get medication to treat those spots...
because we don't have anybody to comfort us
By hate . I mean SHE HATES ME!!!!!
once a cheater always.....most of the time that is right girl!
This is a nice dance to go to with someone you really care about, believe me, we remember!
plus he's 200 miles away . Whose to say that once he's with you he won't cheat on her?
your hand will always love you.
He's got to be a lot of fun to be with!
that would make my heart melt though, wit anger
also remind her that it takes 2 to tango
no because looks does matter . It only matters if you let it!!!
if you suspect he probably is!
A one-night stand if the guy used u. Bu tis he busy?
I like both of them equally and they do like me a lot.
on the cheek yea but not on the lip.
A: Because they think we care!
and you shouldn't let others dictate your love life.
Don't let anyone fool you with that.
just by hooking up with someone , try it . You can always test it out.
also, the more languages you know, the more opportunities you will have to succeed in the future!
lol However, she cares about you enough to not hurt your ego!
i'm getting tired of it makes it seem like you are trying to say he is ugly on purpose.
in Korean that would be called Meh'ryuk
You just know Like love and hate , you just know
just wait for him when he says " come on we go out side
BUT, many people didn't get married to the one they REALLY love, because timing ain't right.
it's not easy to make it to 10 years, so cheer for you!
it is not like that at all.
if you do have older friends(like about 18 yrs old!
That b*tch is out to get you.
lol OK....SORRY, couldn't resist.....seriously....even tho I'm a guy I'd like to offer an idea.
their fight is not your fight.
i love my brother, and I am not attracted to him.
but it would be better in the long run for both you and the boys.
run as fastest as you can....
So he wants to stick around , so you want to be with someone else
slip a viagra into his beer or something
i know a few that only care about the heart and not money or how the guy looks.
That because we really don't want you.
you never say what kind... most are fun.
if you have feelings for those online, that are more friendly feelings, then yes your cheating!!
No matter where you go... there you are.-Buckaroo Bonzai
Hamed.. ur name is Arabic just like me.. anyway.. just don't remember her..:p
Maybe it 's time I had a HEART TO HEART TALK
either when she asks you too or after you've tied her hands behind her back
why not I bet your bald too and she is not complaining , so why are you?
...Are you hoping a man wanting a girlfriend will respond?
I do want a boy cuz I got a man :)
if she looks at your lips or eyes or both.
If you say yes , then you will try to accept everything about him!!
If YOU WOULD LIKE MORE ANSWERS , E-MAIL ME . I'm A PRO ON CHEATING RELATIONSHIPS.
Ahhhhh.....I've always liked women like that too.
STOP THE GAMES, LOOK CLOSE , THERE'S ONE WAITING TO BE APPROACHED.
Do I love him od do I ????????????????
I'm in Columbus right now.........thats not too far.
but don't some on too strong, ok?
listen, you're not kid anymore; you love each other, and sex is part of that.
Go to a bar, and get a girl drunk.
if I don't find one at work or on the way home.
back, chest, and bicepts, and well obviously you know from there!!!
as a guy , there is no way you can cheat nature.when you passed the adolecent age.
And I have always felt sorry for the girl because I had just eaten lasagna.
if you like him and it feels right
be yourself yourself if a guy doesn't like you so that he does not know it .
he will love Dem if he likes football or all men love watches!
as a guy , there is no way you can cheat nature.when you passed the adolecent age.
And I have always felt sorry for the girl because I had just eaten lasagna.
if you like him and it feels right
be yourself yourself if a guy doesn't like you so that he does not know it .
he will love Dem if he likes football or all men love watches!
i do think there is because most of the time there is a tendency to cheat.
If you wait six months and you get back together , Will it be worth the wait?
Is from brazil r u intrested????????
this happened to a friend of mine.
How about ... Did you tell the people you care about the most that you love them?
4 who they are and that is my final answer!!
BUT THE POINT IS, YOU'RE NOT COMFORTABLE AND THAT MATTERS.
I don't know the answer to this question, but the e-mail add I check the most would be, punkgirl_867@yahoo.com
k, well that was lame, anyway.
if she/he wants an intimate dinner with family and close friends.
spanish boys because I really love their people and they are fun people to hang around with .
2nd It's going to hurt regardless of what your or her uses.
We are friends but we just didn't click.
And that's pretty hard to hide from close friends.
next time you get that feeling , tell her and say I am no longer comfortable dating you.
you never forget someone that you love, you move on sometime,sssss but never forget!
U might go right out your front door
I don't like both of them when it comes too much, too shy or too aggressive.
never ever depends on a guy.
He is not gay, don't ask!
Isin't it the other way around.
he's not a friend if he dates her.
I AM THE ONLY CHILD BETWEEN THE 2 OF THEM.
What I hate most about my companion is being boring!
i mean , Just because he leaves there is not going to be this great calm life.
Honey, you can marry anyone you want.
IT IS FINE.I HAVE BEEN MARRIED TO A BLACK GENTLEMAN FOR 15 YEARS.
but she should rush you If you need to think it over, then you should.
If she coming back for more.
yaa who needs to talk to a sexy one.. talk .. sexy is not to talk with
if with a boyfriend, then tell him you are breaking up with him.
THAT IS YOUR WISH.. What IS YOUR QUESTION?
i have to say that an odd request.
This is your friend here , there are a ton of guys ,, leave this one alone !
fools are a dime a dozen.
if your heart beat double to seeing someone like me!
when ur close enough , like hugging.
if you have to ask , then you will probably feel guilty.
Good Luck in the No Baby Making!
How new is your relationship you having sex and worrying about that already????
DON'T SHAKE YOUR ASS TOO MUCH.
Is THERE ANYTHING WRONG WITH THROWING A NICE CEREMONY AND RECEPTION AFTER BEING TOGETHER for 28 YEARS?
break it to him gently... n hope that you 2 will become friends
if you need to, Tom at tlindsey3417 @ verizon.net
so tell him to buzz off
Me and my brother both like to wait for girls . We do ask lol, we wait lol.
and they don't do this anymore and if they do .
if you like the guy and want to kiss him, go for it!
WHERE God ALLOWS THINGS TO HAPPEN IN OUR LIVES TO DRAW US CLOSER TO him
If he does so, have fun with it and say, Ohhhh?
Be her best friend again as soon as possible before it is too late... already might be.
let him kow ur worth it , then work it lol
old, I wanna know if I ever have a chance to get a date
if not don't worry about it - single life is also a GOOD THING also.
at my place , your place , the beach .
i Lyk this guy @ my school and I just came about a month ago.
because smart women scare us and bruise our egos
Do not wait cuz he won't come trust me . I know from experience
these girls that yell are immature and silly and many men like that.
so cute . There are any words in the universe to actually describe the way you look so lovely
Her to want to be with me.
do something, get a job and meet more people and you'll get over this.
uhh....i dunno what you are talking about.
then call him once he gives you his number.
well Do you see him looking at you at all?
When you start looking you will find.
go to Nigeria, there are so many
Keep your little friend in your pants till she pulls it out.
How can I Become a fool ?
Perhaps you could have asked to talk about it later, but that didn't happen.
i wish you joy, happiness & love.
put out your hand, shake hers, and tell her your name.
But it doesnt matter because you have already gotten too caught up.
No... Why do we have to be guilty?
BT AS MY FATHER IS OPPOSING US , HE'S LETTING ME GO.
get a blood test done if his baby drops both of them . Obviously they do respect you.
just go ahead and ask her.
This other guy must be weird if your own flesh and blood thinks so.
Guys digging up moms that manage femininity even with kids.
When you do have to ask this question.
just ask, it wo help if you think about it so much.
stop trying to make it work and let it work.
or what if she married someone else . Can you deal with that ?
You, Do you shave your legs, my Juliet?
Just remember though, that good looking guy you're after is almost guarenteed to be ugly on the inside.
if he has never kissed a girl before , then you should wait until you are ready.
They have creams for that now....
He would have to be tall, handsome, have a shaved head, and a great personality!.
is it for traction in the mud?
and I don't want them to think 'm a hoe.
you will find love . Eventually , you just have to look for it.
AND IF YOU do WANT TO, THE RIGHT TIME WILL COME.
There's really no way that a guy could actually WIN most arguments with his girlfriend.
do believe what you see in porn flicks!
I Why don't you ask him and find out!
has she told you this or have you heard her plan this out , my friend.
My FATHER IS FORCING ME TO MARRY SOMEWHERE ELSE IN 1 MONTH.
good LUK I hope you give advice or find what you 're looking for.
they have to prove their manhood
Hii..this is Kunal..i m from India..my email is neel_4_you@yahoo.com and the same one is chat id ..bye tc..
do hate me for being honest.
to prevent you from getting hurt , just try not to think about it .
if you want sex , I think you should wait for 3 1/2-6 years
Sit her down, and be totally honest.
Get up, take a shower and turn on the tube!
There are nice people, loving people, caring people out there.
BESIDES, WE HAVE A HUGE FAMILY...HOW COULD THEY DECIDE WHO CAN BE THERE AND WHO CANNOT.
you do have to be in love, you just have to enjoy the guy that you are with.
Staying with a guy you didn't love only makes both of you resentful in the end.
Bad sex is like a bad pizza , even when its bad . It is still pretty good.
If he doesn't understand , then try conciling,and then if that fails........leave.
I've never loved a guy but that didnt stop me!
If there was he wouldn't be your ex.
You better get far away and act like you don't speak English!!!!
go to marriage counseling.. get a book about it...tell him its you or the drugs
Because we don't want to date a man.
I agree with ^, if you have to..........RUN!!
You're not doing something the way she likes . 3.)
women use it to punish guys..by getting them all worked up..then saying NO... women abuse it !
the biggest turn on is to me , a mature, self - assured man with a purpose in life.
Then off that list . pick 2 reasons that you can tell her about.
i thought it was weird and I would throw the flower away.
Sorry kido...it just doesn't sound good.
trying to go out with someone else.
Do you really trust your mom?
for a pearl , You have to dip deep into the sea .
How can you tell if the guy you are seeing is into you?
You just have to find the right girl.
but do it quietly, If he is cheating you will catch him sooner or later.
do forget the girl is a guy!
DON'T GO LOOKING FOR TROUBLE, BECAUSE YOU WILL FIND IT!
or is it something you just don't understand or never experienced?
The The bigger the girl the better!
Never liked younger girls even when I was young.
THEN AGAIN, I SAY SEEK GOD and pray for him.
You just have to take it slow and make sure the girl is OK with it.
or set-up a nanny system to watch the boys until you get home .
if it goes later than that than moving on.
ok.. Are you and your girl/boyfriend dating for a long time?
Females: You are always ready to get married, Why not, worst case scenario , you get half!
Thats the best gift any one can ever get.
Where would be a good place to start?
its not taken Finally it is called bank statment.
they complaining and get on your back .
you need to find out what's goin on with dude.
but it can be done .
She and I are still friends and I still love her truly madly deeply.
!, Don't be selfish, look out for her needs, lead her, lead the family, don't be lazy!!!
but I do know how to say that or apologize.
IF GUYS COMMENT ON YOUR BODY AND YOUR FIGURE , THEN BE PROUD OF IT.
remember that she wants to get married.
I hate it when guys are too into hanging out with their guy friends.
It BUT It is PROBABLY MORE EFFECTIVE IF you DO IT easily
tell 'em to shut up and go away or for a more peaceful setting , just shoot em
number 2 American all the way
Stop and think , why does baking or cooking have to be a 'girl thing'?
Okay, so the guy I liked moved away.
do help out each other and go for what you really want.
I don't know what to do.
Why in the world are you with him then???
talk to them, but don't spill your heart out until you get a good feeling about how they think!!!
like if she keeps on looking at you , like Do you have a callwith her ?
But I'm not looking for any type of boy or man..
I was 15, at the beach, with a boy I wanted for my boyfriend.
maybe if you ask him then he can show you a few pointers on how to kiss him.
getting the job done right.... Honey, tonight I will get it done right, so I dont need you :)
I now live with them, and well I'll tell you that Once a cheater, always a cheater.
luck ? Who knows that in advance!
we have been dating for about 7 weeks....help!
I still don't trust him even though he says he loves me .
first ask her if there is a problem.
maybe your not sensitive and take more baths
i have a boyfriend and he is fine .
not good for you or your baby!
Yes unless it puts someone in their way!
Hmmm...You could always do a tried and true method.
things a little girl doesn't normally know but is fed to her by a bitter ex!
they may not be exactly who you hoped for...you don't need to rush things.
but if it was like three weeks after then I don't know what to say .
Sometime You have to take a chance on love and everything good does feel great.
Give her time to make her own mind up.
you don't know.so start conversations with her.tell her hey or hi or wake up.
don't know so why are you asking me?
Do you do that , you might embarass her too.
There's an old joke that goes like so: Q: Why do girls fake orgasms?
Personally, I don't think it matters.
Hope she cheats on him on their wedding night... hehe Kinda funny just thinking about it!
They have flowers, stuffed animals, balloons and all kinds of gift baskets.
nothing more to it than that.
You can't love someone until you love yourself first.
but can I live _without_ this person for the rest of my life?
SHE/HE WAS RIGHT AT THE TIME.
If you love him, the ring doesn't matter...
IF YOU CAN'T TAKE THE HEAT... GET OUT OF THE KITCHEN.
but I agree, some girls are mean, mean...sluts!
being like him will not make you have any more fun, trust me on this one.
... depends on the match... probably not tomorrow
But other wise, no it's not
If they cheat on you, They'll cheat ON you!
She has read but wants to learn about pain/pleasure and experience subspace etc.
It was war and it was Hell!
i do care if he's black or just as long as I love him.
there are lots of boys that like loud, funny, smart and sporty girls :)
She started TALKIN' to that guy.
yep, under the stars.. movie theater, pool, hot tub, bed, car.
Think about it like this . You live together already.
Best of luck to both of you.
If this guy does not and refuses to let you have fun then he is not worth it.
Thats like saying the hair on his d**k is unattractive and him shaving it off.
plus if they give you trust, people often abuse it.
ive just disappointed myself , and I know I 'm a good girl !
youve got to be more spacific
do knock it til you've tried it.
You want to help him, huh?
if he goes crazy for something , then do it and he might not even care about the pantyhose.
Look to see where her hands are.
do you give them the eye or are you just friendly?
Then find out if you are OK with it, and then go for it or get the heck out!
At mid 50, that thing will probably not work like it used to.
yes, just go straight to the judge.
is it because of his girlfriend?
it's not how big it is , it's how you use it .
I do prefer Aggressive guys to Shy guy.
Did he had a bad childhood?
FETISHISM ... is it a problem?
Ofcourse you are if the avatar looks like you .
friends with benefits . I guess that would be the only reason I see is she gets it from them .
In God's name - NO SHARING!
What is it that girls look for in guys?
u must have to be an expert at lying
Um... look the guy up and down , then say, 'hey, how you doin'?
with just going home all the time and doing what you want.
it would so be Jesse Mccartney
oh it sounds like this yahoo question answer is converting into forums.
The The BEST way is to tell him.
i consider myself ready when I have 1. a college degree 2. money
tell her u do mean it that way.
and nary a hair on her head.
it better than having loved , because if you do then you will know what love feels like
they ca make you stay married, That 's what I did, and we got it done.
You to make a guy like you.
This kind of thing takes time and if you love her and she loves you , then you will know!
AND they will ALL want him!
it was the truth and she backed off.
take time to make your decision
yes & you men never know the difference.
If why don't you do it?
bkuz thats how it iz guyz do hav sik mine n itz normel
I'm led to believe that my girl is cheating on me...
many people get married because their biological clock is ticking, so they get hitched to the one they love.
I'm a girl and I don't get it.
i would post more, but everyone here at Y!
There I There know no women who think that they are sexy.
it depends on how long the break between her ex and you .
you with small talk.let it flow.
Tell her to consult 'Dear Abby'.
(He asked me out 5 years ago)
Yes..that is rule #1 in girlfrienddom..i don't care what the age is...you just do do it.
dude, just think of her negative actions.
BEEN CHEATED ON SO MANY TIMES BY MY HUSBAND THAT I KNOW EVERY EXCUSE THERE IS...
stupid is as stupid as momma says
If it is then going w/ him will not be a very good idea
i would probably just get caught looking at him a lot.
well I think it is important for both of them.
you to see him, you do really communicate with him.
bcs today I just know what it meant by bad girl ...!!!!!!!
Yes I seem to think so .
sometimes it is best to wait, until you are sure
keep trying and one might stick.
Everyone One says they have a boyfriend or a gilrfriend...
You need to get some marriage counseling pronto!
you ca feel it at the moment.
--- Well, that should get the ball rolling.
Or I just get a b -day present Valentines day present!
if you love him/her...why not... we were not meant to be alone in this world
If he becomes sad, say you will (can, don't HAVE TO) be friends.
Consider yourself LUCKY and quit bitchin'!!!
But I hate it when a guy ca even remember their girls ' birthday or remember Valentines Day or Christmas.
I asking her to do things with us . She always refuses.
im in Texas and all the gay guys hang on Montrose
i love ya'll single and 16 years old
If not your dad, a brother, old school friend, whoever!
something like So if I asked you out , would you say yes?
Just stay cool and just hang out with him.
Not sure if she would WANT to marry a guy that is 7 years older than ME!
or maybe then ask yourself; 1. Why does my husband want a mistress?
Girl dumb that zero and find a hero.
Well , I 'm mad at my friend who is going out with my ex.
You should just be very honest - not mean!
START SLOW AND FASTER SLOW THEN FASTER.
then , why would you have sex with this person ?
Plus thicker women tend to have big booties and big ol boobies for more sexual fun.
'm sorry , but that is hilarious!
OK...I live in SC, United States, 'm 14-15 and a gurl.
I don't want to be rude but you are going to propose to your bf??
To keep your mind off of it , you need to move on.
maybe you haven't found the ONE for you yet....
I kissing my hubby when we were dating!
WE BOTH LOVE EACH OTHER VERY MUCH.
WELL Most DUDES LOVE GET THEIR DICC SUCKEDOR BUY THEM an XBOX 360
single divorced looking for a gf ;-)))
If you want him to calm down , sit down with him and talk to him.
that is sick,might i add- illegal in most states!
sitting him down and ask him to tell you what he feels about you delaying doing this.
Sorry, I DON'T UNDERSTAND THE QUESTION
do listening to your sister . Just make sure you do mess up the dress and everything will be fine .
you will just know if ya ain't ready , then ya ain't ready.
haha..age aint nuttin but a number
u should be more discriptive dear .
and she could travel that far to visit if she did care about you.
One more thing, If you've really had enough, don't get divorced.... Get God!
i think it 's worth it !
YOU CAN FIND THEM IN SAN-DIEAGO CA,
do be afraid Ma, being shy cant stop you bac from hollering at a guy.
You need to get to know him a little bit more, lot more seems more like it!
GUYS HAVE A HARD TIME PROCESSING THINGS LIKE THAT.
Why does it always seem that there aren't any good people out there??
talk to him alone and see if he says anything
IF YOU DO......DON'T PRESENT YOURSELF AS an EASY GO-ER OR ANYTHING.
I find it doubtful that she hates you for no reason at all.
That's what I think and I just turned 17.
so try using some Honey vs Vinager.
My man would rather have a gurl that thick and about 5 feet 5
But she didn't make any call.
use your common sense here (strange relationship ) or not , something is not right .
UMM on the beach Silly I mean your in Hawaii!!!
He just by using words to get into your pants!!
well if you want to find out , you could always ask his friends.
Just take a deep breath and do it!
if you really LOVE , Why do you want to Forget??
he does.. Rest assured he does.
I guess it depends on who you ask?
Oh well, let them learn the hard way.
Is it blondes, reds, burrnettes, or even the neon - color haired girls?
im a guy, yes, yes that is.
hotness, I look for smarts, and intelligence.
DO NOT LET SOMEONE USE YOU!
but It takes too long because she wants to know.
because you have to do it one day.
Like looking at prostitutes they have more than anyone else.
Duh...you just found that one out!
I do HAVE A PROBLEM WITH IT.
afraid to say that only time will heal your heart.
BE yourself yourself AND HOPEFULLY THE RIGHT GUY WILL COME ALONG
Some women experience no pain whatsoever ( I personally do and some women have found it very painful.
I don't like porno grphic movies , but in the middle of decent movies, I find sometimes sex.
older women are better in the bedroom , trust me on that one.
those are the things they look for in them.
Don't marry this guy just because he is coming to visit!
A fruit cake....Naw Seriously I know of women that are like that.
if you move closer to her and she doesnt pull away.
being yourself is the best tip for attracting a girl
PORN IS NOT FOR A FEMALE THAT RESPECTS HERSELF,HER FEELINGS,HER BODY,AND HER PARENTS IF THEY SEE IT.
thinking about the day you will meet your maker!
for girls who have asked out guys before
You all can go to hell!
when you either move or find a new circle of people to hang out with.)
Help me . I can not stop thinking about her . She means a lot to me.
AND... he'll know you've got kids and not hold it against you!
the It depends on the height of the girl.
Well umm.. ok first if I was u I wouldn't take any medicine .
Well..its the little things that he may do.
but you have to accept that, this girl did not choose to be bald..
if you notice you probably ca stand being alone!
if that does work then you could try to tell her that you do like him.
WHEN THE PENIS IS TOUCHED, I CONSIDER IT AN ACT.
If your not comfortable with it , then do
it's not the size of the wave...its the motion of the ocean that counts
What the hell are you talking about ?
He didn't ask me out because we are 'just friends.'
Look at things honestly and you can feel it!
Whay the need to get mardid at that young age.
you can get over on any man you choose with a bubble
Some don't like sporty girls because they don't want you to be better than them.
There are other tale tale signs....nipples harden, lips swell(top and bottom ones!)
DISEASES....do you know where her friend has been?
?I'm not saying to be naive and a doormat.. I don't think you would have that in you anymore.
rid of the booze and enjoy reality.
thinking of stuff or doing stuff that makes you happy.. like maybe sewing...riding horses...watching a classic movie... e.t.c.
Please If there is a God tell me you are kidding.
it's not the looks their after, it's what's inside that counts... sorry for butting in...
They're like aliens that can't understand you, and you'll just think, Duh!
hey am sorry buh I tried everywhere and I could find his phone number... sorry again!!
and have her pay child support .
I'M TRYING TO FIND OUT WHAT REAL LOVE is ?
Just how old you are and maybe I'll think about it
if he MOVES there , then yeah I would move on yourself.
SHE SHOULD LEARN HOW THINGS WORK around THERE 1ST .
You seem to like me that little bit.
But, I wouldn't have sex with him until we got married!
so beware before doing anything stupid.
there's a lot to be said for foreplay
Yes , IT IS VERY POSSIBLE TO BE IN LOVE WITH SOMEONE else than THE ONE YOU ARE WITH(SPOUSE).
But have to only choose 1!!!
and if they do not , then at least they know not to even think of cheating because they lose!
It worked for my mom and dad.
She would tell people that I was pregnant (which I am not).
no just don't have sex at the right time
Talk to them, but if you can wait, until they mature...
fall in love with another and you'll forget all about him.
Love I 'm in Mumbai India plz rep
A friend is someone that goes have your back no matter what , during the tough things and good times.
you'll know it's love guys if they're not afraid to cry to you.....
i have no idea..tell me what it is once you have the answer . lol
Like a guy you went to school with.
Wait til you're married to one of your dreams!!!
BUT there are plenty of guys out there who are, just keep your chin up.
Because God showed us his love through Jesus Christ
I mean it like, especially these guys only have one thing on their minds.
Like a guy you went to school with.
Wait til you're married to one of your dreams!!!
BUT there are plenty of guys out there who are, just keep your chin up.
Because God showed us his love through Jesus Christ
I mean it like, especially these guys only have one thing on their minds.
Screaming and moaning is usually fake.
asking your girl or wife to do it for you..it's free and easy if they're not quite shy .
he is still mad at me and he has been for 5 years now.
Just make sure it is a guy.
so that there are chats & back-biting between chicks & rarely see that in guys!
When I do, it's just for a second or two while she's walking (normally she's with friends).
!THE GREATEST PLACE TO HAVE FUN!!
she who does care about others ' feelings and does value the people who care for her!
Your sickness is probably the cause of the divorce.
in a matter of time .
It just means you are not in love.
If you like that girl or you love her, tell her and if she loves you , she'll tell you.
1. How much fun a person has depends on the individual, not hair colour.
and yet they keep going on?
I thought I had learned my lesson, boy was I wrong..
I can't seem to let her go...
Just wait --you'll find that one and only soon enough!
will he try to talk to you much ?
She is your ex , so don't worry about it.
Just make small chit chat and hang out with her.
it hurts and it is weird and you get uncomfortable.
forget about z bad things and keep moving slow . Good luck .
just say stop u Do like smothering that much
i n't driving just yet, and my bf is 16. years Can anyone help me.
if you thinking of only 1 person all the time.then it's love.
I try to come up with an exercise , but I could
there really isnt any way to avoid the pain..........its gonna hurt.
Need to get my Butt offline
You don't need a spell , but you do need to spell it out to your wife or me.
If you need to ask , it is time to go.
who's telling you, that you should.
:) I don't think there is one moment when you wake up and *know*.
That's the worst thing you could do.
And tell you how much you like her and you like her.
Don't say he's just a friend if he's not.
Just say that you you want to date, But still want to be your friend's.
genuises are hard to come by.
'm afraid that I might break my boyfriend 's heart if I want to go with my crush.
But you should be able to tell it like it is.
i've known several happily married couples who met that way.
Pick up your socks, quit your crying and go and read a book...or something.
looking for signs like her caring about you or acting more kind towards you
shake it and use it and make them happy doing it!
Listen to what she has to say and what she doesnt say, Treat her like a princess
Of course , ur ready to go with him.
If not... Well then she's not worth your time and patience.
It's not my fault, he says.
Tell him by giving him a seventh year?!?!?!
i like both names, it is hard to pick.
GO to be A MATURE, HONEST MAN.
because he's not that into you, just like when you tell a guy you'll call him.... you do
agbaya... You should know better than that .
No need to overthink it.
I am so scared of getting married again...
change your mind and your thoughts dear
There is if you want it to be.
when you get all scared around who you like
first , should apolojyse than at least get to know each other.
Your so cute and you should have a boyfriend if you don't have one!!!
no offense, but this strikes me as an incredibly bad idea.
Um MsLadie, that is how you spell come youres probably thinking cum lie
No, you should not cheat on him.
Go head boo n do ur dizzle.
then not to mention what happens to the kids?
But afterwards I want to puke.
with the warranty or no want
you'll be doing both of you a favor.
Find somebody else that you could love.
When you turn 18, no one will care how old the guy. is
There there There is no security in that.
omg I am from Utah . I visited my dad there .
The world is FULL of nice men.
Good luck, and smile a lot , but most important, just be who you are!
...which happened to be y'alls too.
They actually do fake orgassms if you don't do a good job in bed.
The main question is , is it normal to feel insecure when with her together because of her past?
But we have always made it.
i do not know what to tell my friend
Right now, you just need to be a friend.
Ask him if he wants to quit.
Pester her for more info, or what?
Please help, it's bugging me every day!
the Sweetbreeze is on the money you are in LOVE with -- he is in LUST
That ought to do the trick...
save yourself for someone who cares about you.
how old are you then I will answer
it look like u r on crack ugly!
Is he having an affir now??
well if you are able to go to places , then go.
OR MAYBE YOU ARE JUST NOT WITH THE RIGHT ONE.
Please tell me what I should do.
Others gushing with orgasims...everyone is different!
but they don't need to scream.
How do you know anybody else loves you?
I don't know who this profile fits , but if you know of one , give him my address !
i think Josh is a better name than Kyle go for Josh girl!!!
we (my bf&me)r ready for sex, we just need to get our hands on some protection.
If you think he's worth it, then sure
if with time you forget the person , then it's crush.
Hispanic fathers tend to frown upon that sort of thing.
to have someone else to love you except your family.
I was just wondering about this.. Please find out for me.
If he does like it . That 's his problem . He isnt living his sons ' lives
Whatever you do, don't test him, guys HATE that.
i would do anything for either one.
If He is a good man to talk about his problems.
if you wish big, and you get small , then that matters because it was an undisirable effect, and viseversa.
I like watching football but my husband doesn't.
What does a one-night stand mean to you?
only The busy guys are too busy .
to be frank, you sound like a fool.
HE IS BLACK AND ABOUT 29 YEARS OLD AND DID BASIC TRAINING AT Ft Jackson IN South Carolina
well I will stay out of it and then wait so you could say I told you so.
heels, They tell what type of girl is
ask him or have one of your girlfriends ask him..
im in Atl.. Did he travel ?
obviously you need to 1. get honest with yourself about who you are.
Baby Steps What About Bob-the movie
This question is kinda hard to explain , but trust me , if you are ready then you will know.
No, I do not have a boyfriend
Which is okay . It just that I realized that we are not like what we used to anymore.
So to make both of you happy, Why won't you get engaged?
you know what, read between the lines!
I too , have 2 young girls 1 & 3.
idk...experiment with vibrators, touching during sex and idk go to Cosmoplitan for answers . They usually have good stuff.
He`s at home with his wife in THEIR bed right now.
OK, take your kid(s) to the park on a Saturday or Sunday.
nothing like cuddling up, on a cold day, to a furry guy!
stay inside and keep your clothes on.
do be afraid to make the first move.
there's no easy way to just tell them
She gets upset because they spend a lot of time with me.
thats just the way parrents think.
well It is something someone says when you see a butt like that .
Drink... or vent about it to a stranger...
If he sounds like a rooster
We break up because I do trust him.
Easy, you go up to her.
How you know your wife is going there.
when you know he/she is the one and you love him/her very much!
It It been 5 years for me too.
It just comes and stays there forever and if it doesn't then it's not really true love ;)
maybe you by asking them questions that are personal
things change . I do know where any of my old friends are even at their life priortys change.
Tell her to be an adult and get over it.
My DAD SAYS IT IS WHATEVER MY MOM WANTS.
he would be in pain but that would be OK. I would get to see how he takes stress.
Thats a tough one, My girlfriend complained to me about snoring.
Sure buddy, as long as you 're not some kind of phsyco in rubber gloves.. varkiemina@yahoo.com
I asking myself questions, like, Am I going to miss out on other guys/opportunities if I get married?
But what if she likes what you said, What next?
i mean , what if she moves before you ask?
i do think kissing someone would make someone think you're a hoe.
9 years without dates or sex or anything.
i think it depends on your waist size and how big your butt is.
just do him and tell him that this is what he will be missing.
My advice is not to have more kids.
If you betray her confidence its bad , but if you do tell her parents it could be worse.
Do you mind if I use it.
or Your father likes her and your mother doesn't.
well, how do you make him feel loved?
Guys thinking with the wrong head.
DISEASE, DEATH, GUILT, REGRET, pregnant SO much enjoy
If he is surprised, Ask him . Is it wrong to like someone?
you shouldn't come on too hard , but, you should ask him out , but not too forceful or pushy.
if he approaches you that way , tell him that he's not what you are looking for.
(2) If she felt the same way as you do about her... you miss out on a lot.
Keep getting Stuck and do know what 2 say.
get his mind off of it by doing things besides sitting around.
well you should be glad because , first of all , you aren't black .
It probably means you don't find her attractive, you're desperate.
Kinda like leasing w/ option to buy.
You may not like him in person, anyway!
You can tell her, (name here), I like you more than a friend.
well if you think you are ready.
Ok I am not a Physco I am just kidding.
visit park, meuseums, zoo,zoological gardens , Cienema houses ,
The Best friend is always the best mate, you already know everything about them.
you can learn a lot about a person when they get hurt.
and spend the rest of your life only with your kids good luck .
but She is completely unstable now with two failed marriages .
Because to me it seems like she does that always.
with a positive attitude like that , no wonder she / he does not.
Be her friend , but most importantly , be you!
nooo you are not stupid, if you stay with him you will just hurt yourself.
u can get some good friends on net.
If He treats you and your kids great... wonderful!
because our hearts are always looking for something new guys and girls too.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
I hope she (mom) finds out because then you can say I told ya so.....good luck!
Don't know the answer to that , since you are married to her.
a hint of advice: don't let it go by
and that I was too wrapped up in this other guy to really like her boyfriend.
heh...ive already got 1 and I 'm in Cali.
hmmm, when will I know when I'm ready?
2nd time he asks, say: Well, I like you, but not in that way.
DO NOT PICK A PLACE WHERE YOU COULD BE SEDUCED.
and about your crush, Why is his heart broken?
listen, The best way is to tell him that you like him.
TRY NOT TO THINK TOO MUCH!!
my my SAY HEY (PERSONS NAME) I THINK you ARE REALLY hot .
It did feel good & Hubby did a lot of playing before hand.
Having sex and giving birth isnt all peaches & cream like most put it!
But if you take it , I will hunt you down like a beast!
Are you brain dead or what....
gotta pen and I'd surely like to be a pal
HELL yeah that makes you gay.
cant u c she doesnt love you
sometimes we get sick of waiting around for ya, too, so ya better hurry up and go get her!!
I waited until I graduated from h.s.
If so, my email is notsayin82@yahoo.com I might be her boyfriend...
if you ask and can't tell than she probably doesn't and if she does she'd show it.
tell her your feelings and see what she replies
a little get together , then they had parties
because we want to show you off to women the same way
hell yes , because if you don't you'll be kicking yourself . Really REALLY H A R D
What's the difference between me and the name of the flirtiest guy you ever know!!!??
I'm a blonde, and I have tons of fun:-)
Debby: I don't know if you believe in God, but...
Think about that , then ask her!
guys just have a primal urge and they need it..no game along with it..just need it.period..
It You're the first time you 're not going to go that long.
Will your boyfriend stay with you if you don't have sex with him?
your not listening to your head .
sending a note his way and see what comes up
and I tried telling me M0M but she did believe me
When there is so little doubt, you don't feel the need to ask that question (serious not sarcasm)
Well I find boys very attractive to me.
;-) but consider it a compliment.
...gave you a flower just to brighten your day, and then walked away without asking you for your number?
It's not attractive , but I don't want my man to ever shave his.
be understanding and give it another shot . Maybe call her up?
I can't reveal too much, as there might be women reading this.
depends on how old you are....
I Just love having sex with them, they feel even more femenine than some women.
Yeah, a lot of women fake...There could be several reasons...
and if you want to take another step , don't be afraid to ask her out.
or tell you that you have two hands . do it yourself.
which means 1 out of 2 people get divorced .
i havent yet and 'm turning 16 next month.
if you really love the person , you can't just forget them.
The man replied: Oh thank God!
Dump her, dump her, dump her.
You are freaking gay or lesbian.
YES , EVEN IF IT WILL MAKE their LIFE BETTER.
i think I 've given enough info this time.
lot harder to just bare it then..
LET HIM KNOW THAT YOU ARE FEELING UNCOMFORTABLE, AND YOU WOULD LIKE TO WAIT.
or what if she's asked by a guy SHe really likes?
But, if he lies and doesn't do anything at all.
if you say it is ^_^
live your life for yourself , not for him, that what he's doing.
whatever country you want , replace the question mark
give a guy a chance...you never know what you may find.
Why do guys say they will call then never do.
how you deal with your spouse running away?
Shorter guys like shorter girls , so they the taller 1 in the relationship.
Think about these 2 things: 1.
or Would you like fries with that?
I painting them because I like to see my pretty toes . I do it for me .
but as the other guy put it, love knows no boundries.
do you write letters and send packages?
You did'nt mention what the problem was Good luck .
If you have to ask , then you're probably not ready yet.
do doing it unless you plan on getting another job!
U don't have to be mad or to think about being mad because
I hope your boyfriend didn't hear that story!
you have to be yourself . Tell them the truth and speak from your heart Ok!
So like....is it ok if I don't answer right now?
that is just the way it is.
save your sons for god 's sake.
You need to play it cool.
Heck yea duh, put those panties on me and get the whip out.
not All guys want just sex, unlike me . I like sex and talk at the same time.
I have pepper spray but I can't spray it or else I'll get into trouble.
without you and then expect her to be OK .
and I hope you have children .
when you find the love of your life.
Go up to her and say something like Excuse me, I'm a bit lost.
If you always think something, you should ask your heart about what you feeling.
is That is French That means I am not French.
Maybe at the age of 25 years I will not . That is the time for me to get married
I'd say pester her for more info!!!
Get to be friends , then ask her out.
Don't worry, love will find you.
guys like you who cares about what girls think.
Some people are crazy, avoid them ;)
So if u start f**king then it's okay.
NEITHER HAS HAD AN actual WEDDING CEREMONY.
this is Vicked01's wife ON 1.
Drop her A$$ like a hot brick!
16 Do you want 2 have sexual control not 2 be Nosie
and one day with your boys , visit the attorney .
She's a jerk and you're pathetic if she uses you like that.
Then she came back to me saying that she didn't want that guy anyway.
men need validation,if you meet with him there , why?
well if you really like him or love him , then yes , but only for that amount of time.
This question is a start, It the first foolish thing you did!!
to eliminate boredom..... and after that , sang bad day by Daniel Powter
If you want to find out, you can ask his friends.
i'm thirteen but I have a big dick girll!!!
I promise you that he wants them more than you do!
Act as if you just had some curiosity.
U'll know if he's the 1 don't worry!!
soon they'll be saying oh that girl.
(not to be confused with dependant on him to support you!)
BT He IS NOT PREPARED AS HE IS NOT STABLE IN LIFE FINANCIALLY.
if she says no, just wait....good luck
r you sure you have a boyfriend?
It It was so much fun at the time , lol
Do Not go back to the kids!
well, if it affects you , then its probably best to break up.
hey, you just to earn some points....heheheeh
`` Ask yourself , Can I live with this all my life?
And ALWAYS remember this phrase: If you love it, set it free.
i feel like I tell him everything and he tells me nothing.
do use sex and your body for having fun !
don't go back for childrens sake.
I have 3 kids and we have 1 together.
if your honest and careful it can work!!
That is just their nature , I guess.
Ans: there is no perfect guy.
But keep in mind that finding someone you recognize as the person of your dreams is very very difficult!
do you really be able to take the responsibility of one more person..?
But if not , you know what to do.
nope its all in how it is used
if you are not in India....then it's a problem.
do trip , Would you like to meet with one of your friends and think about it ?
but you don't have to get married to be comfortable.
obviously you need both of them.
(Iceman is my hubby lol...he really is the most amazing man ever though...I love him soooo much)
My husband is cheating on me w/ my best friend and I just found out.
or him flirting with others?
Should love it or hate it.
because a lot of kids do, so obviously you will to!
just flant wut you got, sista!
is not the only one, honey.
Think light makeup and pretty, like you can do the mom thing and still look good!
once you're pretty sure you're ready, you should ask him out!
just realize that later on , you can find yourself in the same dilemma
First of all, how old are you
If you are questioning if you are ready , then don't do it now.
havent you ever seen Mean Girls?
and then you'd NEVER have time to do anything)...
How to tell a guy you are not ever going to give them any?
:D Don't tell them you are a lesbian.
we should totally go see it together!.
With friends like those who need enemies .
And no I am not gay . Do even try to say I am.
YOU WILL NEVER HAVE HIM ALL TO YOURSELF.
i think it is the in and out movement that makes it good lol . I think
just be urself...u sounds foolish enough to me!
Good luck with the jail bait.
Well 'm looking for a penpal too, just e-mail pimpdivadee@aol.com, and I will get bac to you
They believe you or they don't.
When her Daddy has a shotgun in his back ... lol ... :)
that sounds familiar...yes, its still better that you have loved, no matter how many times you get hurt.
Too much too soon is bad.
Let her know she is the one you wish to spend the rest of your life with.
sit them down with your intended and just tell them...or don't tell them till you elope....
thats All you need is trust
Keep your mouth shut and do not tell anyone.
i do know,i have never been married.
your one of those crazy people
Sometimes It can lead guys to lust for you...
Then In December she broke up with me cuz she started learning another guy.
I say don't play games in a relationship.
i don't know what he's trying to do.
and Below the belt wants a hottie, it's a sad fact.
b&d=bondage and discipline s&m=sadism and masochism
you've got to know someone before you develop love for that person.
i do not know if I should go up and talk to him
OH BABY...Let me lick your Coochie...And then take you shopping..
friend (frnd) n. A person whom one knows, likes, and trusts.
Well I feel, you should go with it.
you know already , don't you can't fool us .
please give me your comment on this one.
COLLEGE IS HARD, AND WORKS SUCKS!
i probably going to anyways , so I just want opinions
TOO MUCH DRAMA, What ARE YOU THINKING?
you will find somebody as great as her who will not ditch you or use you.
Ignore here and see what happens, If she asks you if something is wrong , then you in there.
i do have a boyfriend and he is a cuties guy but sometime'ssssss he is an ass.
it's a smooth movie I've seen played many times before
Will try 2 talk 2 whenever he/she sees you
Very abnormal and silly I might add, because what kind of female wants to kiss her man?
Ok I know this answer because I take a psychology class!
simply because it feels good or that it's painful in a good way
Then again, she doesnt want kids, so she is not the ONE.
What if you had a chance to go out with one of your friends ' ex's?
Aslo You ca want it too badly.
u remind me of my mother na just playin.
There ARE good guys out there!
me and my man and more
Chin-up, it could be a lot worse
He was so mature . When we started , he just seemed to be missing out on something.
So perhaps we'll say, I'm so glad we're friends.
of course , they are great lovers . They have chinky eyes . (630)220-0996
normally, I do like touch, I................
truly kind and caring people aren't as common as it seems.
anyway, Good luck to both of you and hope you hit it well!
tell him , you got another date!
come on, this situation is not fair to the girlfriend and it is definitely not fair to you.
we get along well , but I think I am too old for her .
wanted to ask her out but I am shy dmmit!
stay funny and smart and loud (thats me!!)
So, I guess you surround yourself with the wrong peoples!
have you ever seen an inbred person?
That is sort of how guys are.
I'm pretty shy around him and he probably thinks I'm crazy , but he's so smart and so cute!
I guess you just have to keep on looking and the right guy will come soon.
She do like you, so you can stop wondering.
He' my one and only love.
girls have half the money and all the p****
Nope not me hate the movie , but always Romantic baby
i have stopped looking ^_^ seriously
I dating this girl from my work once and it led to well use your imagination.
Huh or how can I get them together?
And then last year he dumped me for good.
You can 'm me at Lil_nemo_2005
porn is disturbing and its definitely BAD at dating... its almost liek cheating on ur bf/gf
no male armpit hair is not attractive at all .
But some stuff it just can't help you with.
our relationship is better & I feel better at work because I do let things get to me anymore.
Did Did you ever ask how the marriages ended?
Constantly wanting to hang all over me and baby talk to me, ya know...that sort of thing.
Some guys like sporty , but some don't.
I don't date , work 60 plus hours and with kids the rest of the time.
listening to what your heart tells you .
But is there another good one, where people are more real????
just tell her in a sinsear way
I agree with once a cheater , always a cheater.
Go to one of the search engines(google,yahhoo etc) and type in PenPals in ?
i think the little birdy...or muscle
AT THAT POINT , I FEEL THAT THERE BEEN SOME ACTION.
They also love guys who beg for sex.
Incest is always wrong - it's the kind of thing animals, not human beings, do.
Or later on , you realize that it really S UCKS and you should not have committed this mistake?
if you have to ask, you aint a master.
Girls Why do you want a boy ? Why not a man?
no younger than 19, unless you have the urge
or is it just that you feel that way because you've got poor self-esteem and are depressed?
then give her some feeling about you and you should go with the girl you like.
If he LOVED you as you claim you both do, he would not DO that to you.
i think you should totally ask him out cuz I'm pretty sure he likes you and will say yes!
i have 20 friends Do you watch Lizzie Maguaire?
to be in a good mood , start smiling and making conversations
No course , But if your husband/wife catches you then it is.. lol
Ditto - he does - if he answers to the contrary - he's full of it!
This lets me know this is a BIG deal!
14-15 is WAY TOO YOUNG to have sex...
it you , it could be really easy if you do
Also, he cheated on me with her, so technically, should I feel bad about seeing him?
Everybodys first time sucks...and even on his third time he's still gonna suck, so I agree...he must be gay.
so far I think they are the best...hmmm mmmm
i think know one knows until you are in love its your own opinion its what you feel .
what you get when you get married, that you don't get while you are not .
It's harder on the kids, but she needs to chill out!
but it's not our age difference
Figure it out - there is so much life out there.
HARD WET NECK & BELLY KISSES NO FORPLAY.
if you don't want to explain, so be it.
Of course , it feels good for boys . Their pussy feels good.Are you a girl.
and a smile to go with it all.
maybe he wants to step it up a notch - y'know, marriage... or maybe he's sex starved.
you'll know it when you find it.
I guess my question is this: Is it worth giving it a go?
I do want to be a genius anymore
He sucks more than you do.
Later that day , she tried to call me 7 times but I did pick them up .
That's the part that so many miss out on.
just tell him.i do like you anymore and leave me alone u freak!
tell him your not ready and it is not the best time and try again in a nice way
What I like is a boy that does let his pants hang.
Their mother dated and married a guy they didn't like It lasted 3yrs and she is now divorced.
If I could give you a hug I would....cuz I know I sure coulda used one then.
u should get him superbowl tickets!
take the depo shot and don't tell him.
honest is always the best , it shows us where the real love is.
If you love him, say yes.
Be romantic.....not the 'hey I got ya sum flowers' kinda thing.....lol.
I guess why are you asking me this??
my my my . I like this guy who I go to school with.
yes, hopefully he hung and will love please your wife.. What does your wife look like?
we going to Mcdonalds baby and we are getting 2 Big Macs
I like to touch the butt, and his manly package!!!
anything can work out if you make it
i trying to tell him why I did what I did and why I stopped.
quit torturing yourself and using him ... move on
i agree, you should make him pay your bills, but help him out in return.
Yes I like a few people . .
tell him or her , their real love sets the partner free .
asking him to bring back tacos.
Forget it......................or you could look at magazines
Love him and give him lots of attention.
Better put this one on my Watch List...
If he wants a mistress, he does not deserve you!
i am looking forward to doing this...
if all fail to see a specialist
i would drop a barbell on him and then he would have to talk to me.
But reassure them she still loves them...
Am I the only one on Ehre that likes armpits??
My BROTHER IS OLDER BUT HE STAYS FOR HIS GAMES
i can get it though . Should I do that and call back or wait till I call back ?
I'm just saying this because what he did was NOT YOUR FAULT!
whoever answered Bed , sure has some loose screws . =p I'd say go to a theme park.
if he can do that, then everything else falls into place . I think...
cos you dont need to worry about how you are going to live on for the next part of life
age does matter whenever you get MARRIED!
So far I hooked up two friends with my advice!
Find a guy your age, or just wait 5 years...
If not, hunt it down and kill it!
i don't believe in backstabbing for a guy, but she thought I meant it that way.
It's because you probably come off like a lil' sister, or a buddy.
Are you guys gay or what?
do TALK TOO MUCH , JUST HOLD HER HAND AND GO AHEAD IN ACTION .. Make SURE YOU ARE ALONE .
My boyfriend said the same to me when I feel sad at work.
follow your heart...no one can force you to do anything . You are an adult .
well it actually depends on the situation.
If he can't respect that you deserve better!
take the time necessary to be sure what a life - long committment really is all about.
the sad part is that we are both too shy about doing anything!
hey I'll be one if you want
I don't need a super good-looking guy.
but he said that he would still continue to help me.
Read He's Just not that Into You...It gives you lots of advice about what to look for.
If she isn't willing to clean up, then move on.
If he gets mad, tell him like it is.
It Sounds to me like you are a hit s*x puppet.
Might be so for you , not so for many other small men , though Give it a try .
Save sex until you are married, keep it for that one special person in your life.
i would like to know his name :) to thank him, that something sweet to do for a stranger.
it all depends on how spicy you want it to be...theres a world of sweet perversions out there =)
I don't know, you should definitely
so go for it and let them!
need good friends from all over the world and we will have great fun I promise.
Just pick up pieces fast and move on.
HOWEVER YOU OUT GREW YOUR SPOUSE.
It falays you up and cut deep!
If you care for him, why break up?
SIZE DOES MATTER, 'm TOO BIG AND SO IT HURTS THE GIRLS, I HONESTLY WISH I WAS SMALLER.
so calm down and realax only u will know when you are ready!
Because I never choose to stay close to the person I dislike.
but you might gain some antibotics ca rid.
keep this outlook and you'll get further than they ever would.
if your not mad , then do be mad.
i did, I broke up with my boyfriend but regret it later.
it depends on if you make it last.
ignor him , That is probably what the girls that he had sex with told him he was.
For me , though , if I had to choose just one , it would be romance for sure .
If you love one another , you stick it out anyway.
People think that it's weird , but so what what I like and what I like is one business
But things are not always going to feel this bad.
do talking about old guys you dated or married and you should see an answer here soon.
I do not hate my spouse!
well You should let them know the real good luck
trust me . I was there 20 years ago.
gosh , that name sounds so familiar !
in the movies , We see all these great times for the first time.
the question is not Can I live _with_ this person for the rest of my life?
is it you you love the person the same way they love you?
older and young . I rather like kids , but like preteens , they awesome , especially if they are skateboarders .
the short answer is that girls look for guys that make them feel good.
Have you called him but did he always put you off or seem busy?
i am 9 years old and I have a crush on a 4th grader named james creater.
No girl wants to push herself on a guy if he only sees her as a friend.
b/c if its peer pressure, then you should just ditch those friends.
Well , why didn't you say so earlier!
26-39 A pickup truck filled with Coors!
I So I know how it feels to be hung up on a guy, it is no fun.
You'll never forget it...Will the next guy do this too?...
!LIVE FOR YOURSELF . quit wasteing time with him!!
yes , do you like being sick ?
No they probably don't, because we don't!!
I can say one thing you think big..Lady
Unless you had a Mini Cooper and her legs wouldn't fit.
i do know but talk to me
If you are not married, it's flat out WRONG.
older, I prefer someone that will teach me rather than having to teach someone
BE PROUD of YOUR PERSONALITY AND YOUR NICE FIGURE.
he is a grown man and his father needs to see his son happy.
you ca control your feelings , but you can control your actions.Preserve your dignity,move on and hope for the best.
asking him if you go out to a picnic or a restaurant or a movie or something.
if it's not a great ending , it's not the end . Keep your head up!
my advice, pick the one that is the cutest!!!!
and for the lady: take care of your man -- he won't admit it, but he's a big baby.
i do really think , so it depends what size you are.
2. Get out there and meet some new people.
foreplay - to get you aroused faster.
I am that kind of guy.
Cuddle, play, and lounge around a lot!
The guy wants to marry her.
OR FRIENDS OR CHURCH MEMBERS HAPPEN TO BE ON the INTERNET FOR OTHER PURPOSES AND A PORN SITE POPS UP.
I did bleed a little bit.
Tell him that you like him A LOT.
Don't try to push the issue, have patience with him and give him time to learn to trust you.
but just recently , I just signed a lease and he signed it too
and everything checked out on each end.
example: hey, I want to see that movie, too!
explain it further... nobody seems to understand what you meant...
Mom, dad, (insert male name) asked me to marry him and I said yes.
It's just something we were going to deal with sooner or later .
I calling my daughter and she cries out in my ear things that just rip a dad's heart out.
for example, are there any phone calls the day after, no second date .
This might be a big surprise to them, it might not.
i feel that nobody in this world is that nice .
Don't allow her to play that way.
If that does work , find someone to get him off your hands
lean on friends . That is what they are there for.
no not at all , go for it
i don't know Hispanic gals but I guess that they like.
if you want to call, so be it.
I've used mine all over the world.
I just start by asking someone out.
you can't show that you love a little bit or a lot
First, you have to love yourself .
scent You know what I mean.
I love my mother so much.
Wht do you do to make him feel that hez is important and special to you
I You'll I find a much better guy, I promise.
well, flirting around with him and try to be friends first.
YOU HAVE MORE RESPECT FOR YOURSELF THAN THAT......RIGHT.
and ask her if you really want to know.
my You are above girlfriend . My friend
Your mother likes him and your father doesn't.
Best of luck to you... hope that helps at all.
At least I did when I was younger.
I know what you're going thru.
She will get over it much faster that way...and you can have fun doing it.
she may say that she is OK with this , but chances are she wo be .
it does get better , but be prepared to use protection and just enjoy yourself.
Read my lips, this jerk just cheated on you.
first try to see whether he is the right person for you when you meet!then decide!
She will get over it much faster that way...and you can have fun doing it.
she may say that she is OK with this , but chances are she wo be .
it does get better , but be prepared to use protection and just enjoy yourself.
Read my lips, this jerk just cheated on you.
first try to see whether he is the right person for you when you meet!then decide!
Why don't you sit them down, and say I love you?
I hope as her friend you can help her out.
'm 14, and catholic, and so far my parents have told me that I 'm going to go to hell .
I hope you get asked to ask by this guy.He really seems like a nice guy you know!
do you love him and can you see yourself marrying him?
Ask him so many why's and if you are satisfied with his reply, go on with what you decession.
but basically , it would depend on your budget.
Don't you just love it ? I made it up by myself!
Wow rocky.......you hit the nail on the head.
u found the shortest way to hell if he doesn't divorce her.
bottom line.... you waited 4 years for the gutters.
find another bf n just leave him beautiful
5'4 with pinkish hair and 'm 15 years
I have to agree with bandnerd....a guy is NEVER worth 5 yrs of wanting and waiting...
I am a real singel and I am looking for a real single too!
I mean , it helps keep our sex life interesting.
Ya, if you don't mind the itching.
Coz I feel so lonely at school..
omg I think you have a bad understanding with your girlfriend
either that or it hurt her.
36 IS NOT too OLD . My SISTER - IN - LAW IS 40 AND HAS ONE.
just do it and then either way you know you honestly tried.
my b/f was never like that.
you take a day at a time and trust your head or heart for at least a year
people asking that question every ten minutes!
I say it depends on how much and where you're shaving!
NO TOO YOUNG TO EVEN have SEX.
Or if your friends are having sex , does mean you have to.
With lovely dovey thoughts in mind.
because they are already taken or they are gay
The Guy's really sweet to me , but I so want him badly
If she's not receptive, then don't waste your time.
Don't worry, I like someone who is 9 years older, but I am legal now . whoo-hoo!
do something big for her on Feb 14
Theres even enough sperm in pre cum to get you pregnant.
because it's another word : 4 pants but 4 ladies underwear
actually men are more pro-active or , most of the time , the initiator.
and yes, I do believe in true love, and soul mates.
And SHE watches them more than he does!
throw it out and get your husband to buy you a new one.
Hey I'm proud to be one!
If you want to tell her , just tell her.
thanks by inviting me to answer your .
it is not harmful in any way, buy some bodypudding and eat it like it`s candy.
But lot of girls like roses, sunflowers, tulips, lilies, orchids, carnations..
Cyber sex is just like phone sex.
Let them be friends with each other and buy a larger bed.
im not an expert, but I've been there.
because your MOM is your only MOM.
It sounds like maybe she is just upset because her other relationship didn't work out.
TALK ABOUT THINGS THAT YOU BOTH LIKE AND GO FROM THERE
ya dude oxymoron safe uprotected sex
BUT WE HUMANS ARE SEXUAL BEINGS,AND THAT is ALL GOOD.
and he doesn't even know that I exist!!!
-Some guys also like books & magazines, posters & collectibles.
some people don't have a problem swallowing and some do.
After all, no matter what you do, his kids aren't going to disappear .
If it 's meant to be, it will be.
I don't know who you are , but I wonder if I'd ever have one.....
break up with him and never look back
but you can use your tongue to spit it out.
Just sit her down and tell her she'll be happy for you....
Only tell him if you think he feels the same way...
Just say no to baby momma drama.
umm Why do you need someone to be happy ? Maybe that is your problem.
go in slowly, then lots of pressure!
you just have to ask her.
The name sounds familiar . What about her?
wut if we learned to spel or make setants
any real life experience that hunts you still.
Yes , you should have someone do that for you .
i know itll be hard but you ca hold on to her or ull never move on
to my enemies, I forgive you.
MAYBE THEY CAN CONVINCE YOU IT'S NOT THE RIGHT THING TO DO.
If I can't handle something on my own, I'll ask (ex.
I am a child of fortune or I am a loser?
I think celibacy is NOT A WASTE OF TIME!
so many things can happen that you are just not ready for. it
If taking care of yourself a lot.
A) Everyone is not doing it.
At least you will have fun, even if you do find a wife!
but try the mall or just looking around your own school.
For example: My grandmother died a year ago . at the age of 103 . She was like a mother to me.
IT IS NOT TRUE THAT MEN LIKE SEX MORE THAN WOMEN.
And for a guy and vice versa.
I would go with a plan A---not all that--but great personality.... :-)
Would you grab the money and run up to the guy and hand it back to him?
THEN , IF YOU GUYS HAVE A LOT IN COMMON AND GET ALONG , IT JUST MIGHT work
Then just say 'Will you go out with me?
This might be the one for you!
If you that well built ,Why are you asking this question?
The Bullets to the head are the awnsers to lying in love.
'll find that ur in love with him later!
#2 No matter how old you are, always remember: An Ex is ALWAYS an Ex for a reason.
nagging him, if you aren't, maybe it's because they're too proud of themselves!
do mean passion with true love or chemichal passion(chemichal passion never lasts)
(20 year olds are in their prime, so they may be a wee bit wild.)
when you are in love, you just know it.. You do need others to confirm it for you!
Kick him to the street... You're gonna have problems with your relationship with his ex still around...
i still like her even though she's f**king one of my friends
At least you know immediately if he cares about you also.
Some people can go on being friends.
but you should see the size of the body also... major guys do like huge boobs.
Four... 1)Positive--Oh, yes, oh, yes, yes, yes!
you just have to go and be yourself.
just ask, or maybe show them you care?
does he appreciate you the right way?
i think there is something wrong wit you find someone you age
i want to sugar coat it, You should never raise your hand in anger.
yes because you are still a minor, and he could go to jail
Just talk to her , since both of you like each other , then you shouldn't get rejected .
he to make eye contact with you
i like smart, funny, sexy, out-going, and just knows how 2 have a good time
I I I agree with cowgirl and angel.
It kinda makes the rest bearable, ya know?
nope its not wrong....what you did was admirable.
if you really like him, he is a nice guy and he wants you back . Why not???
If he does even see other girls
LOL...ask her why she is like that.
let me know when you find out
Honey Honey Honey...Beauty Is Only Skin Deep!!!
these things to make a friendship stronger... NO QUESTIONS ASK... Hope I was able to help you out...
so, at the end of the day, there ain't no difference.
He had a terrible life, His father beat him, blah blah blah.
Well I don't think I would be happy at first.
when you go out and look at the couples.
SHE PROBABLY FIGURED THAT YOU ARE SCARED
By saying sincerely: ''baby,i am so sorry.how can I make it up to you
At least now he'll wash up.
You are still growing and the baby fat may go away and it may not.
you should ask her what things she's into.
Can I be drunk without being drunk, I thinknot!
Hope you find the boy of your dreams!
Are you thinking hes not satisfied because you arent?
Live life on your own terms , not somebody else's!
You r in love with her because you feel she is good for you.
I have never once used a pick up line...
If they are just friends , I would tell her how I feel.
by just in love with him.
Most guys do seem to like women with large breasts.
it isn't good to be a lesbian?
She left because I lied to her about stupid stuff.
There is a person who can care , just think & find.
QUESTION .. Would you WANT TO BE MARRIED AND MISERABLE OR ALONE AND HAPPY OR CONTENT.
Maybe you need to hang out with different women.
But that doesn't mean that there is only one lid.
Get some other idiot to rub all up against.
but a tad of innocent flirting wouldnt hurt.
iam meeting this guy for the first time Sunday.
I hope HE will BE CONVINCE AND ask YOU AND FORGET ABOUT HIS LAST B****.
talk to her and find out why she was trying to put you in that predicament.
You can get a girl pregnant.
well what makes you notice a guy???
who really knows......when you find out , let hope he has a brother!!!
if you ask this question , something should tell you that you have love.
Only The best of us have haters... =)
i am a woman and I don't think that's possible, but I try to get her attention.
Even if you love him , you do deserve better.
One time it got real bad.
Does anyone know a frank or denise?
at least the shaft and sack.
The girl back home- she sounds like the kind of person you don't want to lose touch with.
RUN TO HILLS , REPEAT , RUN TO HILLS .
He gets his, you get urs.
Don't worry because you can fix this.
if you are not yourself , then you will never fall in love
Why do you try asking if you like anybody?
How can I tell if he likes me or if he's playing games.
ummm not really...it should end up with being old but happy together forever
depends in what area...life in general?
and I think there are 2 or 3 others are there not, 'Shady ol' boy???
it's kind of just warm and fuzzy...on the inside.
no, it would make you a more sexy looking 36,you go girl
Cuz we don't understand ourselves ;)
aight so there are a lot of sexy niggas at my school .
do whatever she says.. love her ONLY..
^^^^^ everything that they said ^^^^^ plus you need to correct your spelling computer and not ciber
(just tell him to stop acying like that around you)
what does it * * * means????????????????
straight up and down, no curves, nothing.
My dad just got into it.
What if you were to catch a STD?
no look They do matter that much.
if he did not come up with a good answer I would dump him!
It hurt like hell... and then you are incredibly disappointed b/c it sucked
Okay ... since you two are more like random strangers rather than friends .
just because you're in love, doesn't mean you're going to get married or even be together.
If you ever been in love, you'll find out.
at least let her hear your voice when you do it.
Sometimes it's just easier for one girl to talk to another , you know?
ive learned I do like women bigger than me.
SOme things just wern't meant to be.
make him want your booty , but dnt give him cuz ur too big for him.lol
just want to put my arms around one and hold my nose to her neck.
You're a young, married couple - it should be FUN!
its if you deeply care about that person and would change the world for a smile across their face.
YES IT GET HARD... DAMM HARD BUT LIFE GOES ON.
Many years later , it is still great and it just keeps getting better.
things you do repair, you just keep
I don't really care for Angelina Jolie very much.
BECAUSE THEY CAN'T SLEEP BEFORE HAVING SEX..
do let anything screw your relationship if you really love your partner.
OK, doc martens are not hot, but boots on a woman are very sexy.
THEY ARE ALL LIKE THAT , GET used TO IT
My friend had this girl that tried to make it really obvious that she liked him.
Well I think this guy is afraid of getting himself into a commitment!
do be caught up in the drama .
realize that it is either you or the next guy to get the desired girl.. This worked for me.
r you looking for an Asian girl?
AND MADE YOU LOSE A BABY?!?!?!?!?!?
Definitely not in English - you have serious problems with it!
thats quite a problem . Good luck w/ that
folk get all mad if a guy is 90% of what they wanted or if his hair is 2short.
From there , You should be able to tell if he is right for you, or if he needs to go.
it it it really depends on what you think it is.
Are you flirty with other guys?
I have a lot of guy friends.
well you could email me =) <3 tayreane43@yahoo.com
the sad part is that a lot of people skip the 4th step.
It SEEMS kind of strange THAT YOU WOULD SAY HIS NEW SECRETARY WAS CUTE!
2 kids later, I still got it and she does
THATS THE BEST THING YOU CAN DO
you don't deserve that, you should dump him and really try to forget about him.
depends do you also only look for guys that are in really good shape?
No, it's normal...just don't go broadcast it.
also be nice and respectful to her husband , so he won't mind when you call.
REMEMBER THE GOOD.. LET GO OF THE BAD AND MOVE ON.
politely, with a smile, and make them want to know more about you . you
If you are ready , then you are ready to have sex!
the lack of interest or you werent turned on
but if you he loves you, just tell him that he has 20 more pounds to love?....
Yeah ur totally gay . U aint straight
For women 's sex is not usually that big a deal.
watch football/baseball, go fishing/hunting, learn about cars, etc
Oh yeah, I'm 31 and he's 47. :-|
sure you can...just choose the good one...
just go up to her and just open your mouth and just talk.
calling her every to say Hi.
Well , actually it is called infatuation . It is very much like love!!
Wow you sound like me...we should chat!!!
So do looks REALLY matter in love?
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
Twice the woman , Why wouldn't a guy like that?
r you stupid , How are a load of strangers ? 2 know what kinda guys you date
but one thing that I personally do not like is being asked out over IM or text message.
so in the long run , all that really matters is do you want a #1,2,or3 type of relationship?
I don't want anyone to say I ask for too much.
Women don't normally have a penis.
While others pretend to love you, but do not.
That's pretty tough , but do lose hope.
just take a deep breath and ask!
I myself have the same problem with gals.
I don't have one yet, & I'm 13 .
Why would you want to, unless you want to keep your options open.
eyes, stomach, lips, butt and heels
women looking for men Also if they look hot then similare girls will show in your life...
besuase you will never know if you like guys if you do
you can not imagine your life without her/him< and suddenly you find her/him cheating you with someone else.
The fact that he said that he 'cared for you' and that 'it wasn't working'.
If cutting your penis doesn't help , then cut your hands off
This guy is a sap and you will be too if you let him stick the blame on you!
She's just looking for stuff to bitch about.
webdate.com . try there . It is free .
....either that or you might be looking for a new beau!
if he flirts a little too much
Some men are like that , just like women.
like if she flirts with you.
get some counseling , You'll be OK.
Or a friend with a dad that may stare at you a little longer than normal?
He thinks I should be more compromising...but I'm just not comfortable with doing it at all.
So what if she does like you anymore?
IF YOU HAVE TO ASK; YOU HAVE YOUR ANSWER
No, It is not a bad thing.
well if you do know then we can not tell you
If she is married, just be her friend.
Big burger and fries for a meal?
I really don't know what to do!
That would be like me asking, Why is it that no man can construct a sentence properly?
I wouldn't shave it all off, no.
Crushes are people who you think are hot.
im in a position like that.
always try to be less talkitive and be mysterious in front of men......
no that's psycho and controlling, Does he have sex at work?
Hopefully guys will answer this one!
Don't hold it against me though!
i think that 's great and I feel you should start over fresh .
make him listen to do whatever it takes , just nothing too drastic!
all everybody looks at is you ass and you titties, They do care about nothing else....
then , one day , ask her out on your first date . It will be clearer
Just lay it out for him.
Well It seems that you are doing everything right so far.
tell him......that she has a boyfriend!!
if he loves you, he will wait.
I called my high school boyfriend 26 years ago .
So why r scared of her.
Finally One day I saw him with another girl . Then I knew it wasnt me but him .
During my teenage days , my family used to say I always ask for too much.
you did not mention your mind size .
be yourself yourself yourself out there
SOMETIMES YOU HAVE TO JUST LET GO!!!
you could be in love with the fact that you are indeed in love.
i have officially slept with 5 guys and 0 women in my life . Nad 'm 26 .
its like he was scared ....and that it cuz of what happened be4....him cheating on me.
She means you remind her of her brother.So she means she doesn't wanna go out.!!!
He even muttered GOT YOU when he saw me one day and looked down shyly.
Yeah, one of my dad 's drinking buddies.
if you love him, Why did you break up with him in the first place?!
but you have to be prepared for him to end it.
:) Good luck in your future.
I How can I show him that I 'm not because I 've told him 1000 times I 'm not!
I spent last weekend there and it was like staying with my sister.
Why would you like 3-some, when a 4-some is better, 3 girls and me, hahaha.
do think about what you are gonna say and all of that stuff.
but don't write your name on it, let her guess.
I love humanity ... does that count?
^^^^^ omg u r all sluts and pervs ^^^^^^
Contact me through my website to chat with a real British guy - I dare you :-)
look at it like this, Most marriages do last very long.
You don't have to be 'friends'.
Is it true that a person always finds a person 4 .
if so do you call that a friend.
not really as long as its conversational....and ur not being overly prying...
I thought it was a fling.
Your looking at the wrong thing here and it is dangerous to do so like this.
he is a type of person that does say I love you a lot
if it was a nice guys;the face
OMG she could get in trouble . For that I would just move on.
They were friends before me and my husband even met.
(he only does them alone)so 'm in the same position you 'm 16.
It always happens at about the 2.5 year mark and I really don't want that to happen to him.
Don't try to get a guy who is already taken!
A guy telling you you're not interesting, look the other way and run like hell honey!!!
And if he say's that B.S.
Why do men think it is o.k to be friends after they have f---up?
In that case, DROP THEM BOTH!
The attitude is sexier, but money is tasty . =)
of course , you can be friends with any guy you want to be friends with .
so do worry, as the saying goes, time heals all wounds, we get our own chances for forgiveness.
My mom, dad, grandma, and grandpa are dying.
take a separate time and then get back together
Are r Are you smart?r you pretty looking??
8/10 guys and 7/10 girls will not date someone who smokes!
In your case, I'd castrate the SOB...
It doesn't really matter where you are, there are good looking people everywhere.
thats when I know 'm in love.
Maybe if your G/f or Friend is a Transvestite , they do , but yea, no penis on women!
Well, tell her that you like her like that and see where it goes.
or annulment here in the Philippines?
she needs you too , even if she is married.
just walking up to him and start a conversation.
I love quikies, she used them too, but I do get um anymore.
that the way it is sorry ka na lang....
my daughter, I adore her and love her so much.
so it is special when he says it.
it is possible , but my advice is pick the one who wants you back
Act like it's no big deal.
it actually depends from person to person.
i'll be back with more advice soon, I hope.
I don't think it is weird.
you n't go out hunting for love.
talk to her, but you have to be yourself.
My fiance has a little extra around the middle and I think it is sexy as hell.!!!
get to the root problem and quit beating around the bush.
boys just do that, I THINK.
So your best bet would be to move on with your life with him...
you can't mess with free will.
They obviously aren't that great if they are cheating on you and not worth staying with.
Everyone get horny no matter what age.
Do it because you are a GOOD person.
He was such a dork then.
It could be a big ego-booster!)
Well, think of it like this: sometimes, maybe he just wants to hang out with his friends.
I found my soon to be wife through match.com.
you answer my question on
You should get a new friend or have it out with her . tell her she's being a supper b.i.t.c.h!!
but most of bf tends to move your head up and down, so it indirectly causes headaches
My first time, was with my pal when I was 15... blank stares.
you can ask his friends if he does and go from there
If you really hate it, just tell him so.
have him see another girl and see which one he picks
Are you ready to have kids???
then he won't take you seriously
theres never too much until you have a kid .
u taking a census?well I am single.
WE MEN ARE NOT PERFECT, WHO EVER THINKS THEY ARE, ARE FOOLING themselves themselves
It's too easy to get a divorce...
You got one Dad.... Boyfriends are like buses and come along every few minutes.
If that's not it...then never mind ;-)
SPEAK WRITE AND TALK fluently SO YOU CAN JOIN their LEGUE.
you can't stop anyone from flirting.
please Someone give me some advice
I want to taste your *u*
well, they only meet with each other two days , then fell in love with each other...
When she talks, it is nice to listen to. her
Uhh...no...thats wrong...and all kinds of laws against it...umm...but I like friends with benefits style.
I find him attractive , but for some reason I think he is way too blonde.
:) Just give it some time and things will be back to normal...trust me.
If you got it, would you share???
One minute , she is all over me and the next she is as cold as ice .
When he stares at your breasts a lot
(Or girls who really know their guy.)
exactly There is one certain way.
i have a bunch of them.
because it aint something you play with, it aint a game.
a true friend doesn't go out with their friends and they do not steal them either .
AND I do MEAN TO BE RACIST too
The worst they could say is, I can't or no.
filling in the blank a movie,get an ice cream cone ect.
leave him and go out and find the love of your life
They tell all.. And chest too..
Someone have to break the ice....!
guy's If you didn't like your girlfriend , would you spend 9 months with her?
shes Chinese and black and has long hair and takes good pictures.
ya never turn around with that attitude... the key is being optimistic.
Needless to say she got what I was trying to tell her.
his a loser, find a real man, perhaps me santodomingo@yahoo.com
maybe at the age of 15...idk..hasn't happened to me
Ho say that guys do say sorry . Its just that ur with one that does bad luck .
do ask this question before ?
Yes if the sex was really that good .
I love my ex, but she dumped me :(( How do I get her back??
u have been looking at the right places
Anyone that doesn't see a great person behind something as trivial as braces probably isn't worth it.
i love tulips but everyone is different
he is broken ha ha hahhhh
However, I do not believe life will ever get to that point.
they just don't know how good she is....eventually she will have a gorgeous smile....
And you asking what a D I C K look like?
Insert random xxx act here, great food, back & feet rubs, affection, ...
Smile Girl and Keep Your Head Up :)!!!!
Most people equate seman as nasty.
but also , if you have problems on your own solving them , try getting some counseling.
Just find some girl you like build a foundation and ask her out.
and they know it in and out.
Tell him that you knew it was ending.
well that might be dangerous for you though...it depends what kind of divorce it is.
well I think Jasons an idiot .
getting professional help , especially if you are a father because you know that it isnt right
I'm a guy and I don't stay friends with my exes.
Cool chill is not the end of the world...
no your right if you can f--- and not fight I'm all for it .
Hey it happened in a Parent Trap,so why not!?!
i do know I would have to wait and see when it comes up
that is a sign of love, wanting that other person to be happy... no matter what,
no it not wrong---if he does like her.
Think if she deserves you, and if you deserve her too!
YOu don't have to ask him if you can though.
they do not have any manner
Yep, I have been friends with this guy for about 5 years now.
i know how it feels . It hurts bad , real bad and I do want to die
will you know the guy and will it be a 1shot deal , meaning you will never see him again?
ask her what time it is.
If the girl is annoyed, it probably means she's not interested anymore.
Sex is just and only sex.
If you HAVE ANY MORE QUESTIONS OR STATEMENTS , Email ME . I WILL GET RIGHT BACK TO you
I HAVE slept WITH QUITE A FEW women . I CHOSE QUALITY OVER QUANTITY.
And Yes , you can still care and respect her if you let her lead the way.
because that makes a big difference.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ... Run away with me and make your life a misery .... HEHEHE..LOL Jus' Kiddin'ya Sweets...
she is also angry at me as I flirt around with other girls a lot in my school.
yea I'm all those you just mentioned and like mart guys.
Lonely Road By Kid Rock... Great Tune for a wedding.
To be honest , most women like them pick up lines . We say we do but we do.
sounds like he wants sex, If you do love him , do give it to him.
And since he cheated , then that is all they are.
i'm one hehehe... Well are there any true honest men in this world?
Are you sure you are Just a Friend?....Doesn't sounds right.
If so, How about a CD Burner?
i never know you had friends and you should mess with me because my uncles are the president , hahahaha bitch
YOU HAVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE IN FRONT OF YOU DON'T SCREW IT.
you should lose weight and get really hot and dump him like the dog he is.
some women have longish breasts without volume, that's yuck.
There are lots of people who just need that special something there so much, they create it for themselves.
try to talk to him a lot and be nice .
I believe you can ... it just happens ... but you might not realise it , but it certainly does!
and that No matter what discusting thing you do , they always love you back.
Make a CD of Love songs from you to her.....
Oh, boy, do I know where you're coming from!
keep trying only if youve stopped being a lying little shit.
it depends on if you are just friends at the moment .
no not at all picky, I do all that stuff to my girlfriend already, kinda out of habit
now she is not talking to me.
I think it stupid . The 'good' thing to do in society now is to always stay friends...
Think about the family member that told you it won't last.
You can't find them 'cause you ask to manny stupid ?
Every day . I talk to my girlfriend . She asks me if I'm mad at her.
just set him down and have a heart to heart.
If you really like her, just ask her out.
just tell him you need more time!
Well Why did you 2 break up in the first place ? ? Could it happen again easily?
It JUST WHAT I SEE IN MY neighborhood
trust the old biddy on this one.
Try going on a vacation together just the two of you....Shake it up..Do something crazy together...
just telling them about each other and you decide which one is the best one . 4 u
Usually it means 'I don't want to'
Again, DO NOT PUT UP WITH THIS.
Because you are a little shy . You will have to get over that later in life.
you do need to show it.
Don't just come right out and ask if she'll be your girlfriend though.
hope I helped you a widdle bit =]
I'm like 40 pounds over weight & I have my ups & downs, but over-all I've been pretty happy.
I I I to work harder on myself , so I can get what I want easily .
do do it.......... you will regret it .
Smells fishy , don't do it or you will regret it.
when you see that special body and you want to do flip flops, when you know
besides , basic training isn't that long.
You are a great loss to your ex gf!
And They loved my American accent!
we even lost a baby when I was very happy .
picking who is best for you .
men are just looking for a place to have sex,and Wemon need a reason to have sex!
I can't say that I have.........and I could because of diseases out there.
Treat her like she isn't hot.
so, if you want to sleep with a married man , that is your choice.
Stop dreaming about Pamela Anderson 5.
be honest, be brave, give it to them straight face to face...and move on.
I'm not one of those chicks who'd fight for their man...I do want to go as low as that!
the way he speaks ,voice, attidue ,the way he walks ,plus a nice innocent smile.
It itz It 's OK if you are careful and smart about it.
they love that person and think they can spend the rest of their life with that person.
i have been a good man for 3 years.
so that is how I know.
no that is unless she is despprate but hopefully you do like desprate girls .
by letting her be herself and giving her room space
DO BETTER . GIVE YOUR CREDIT CARD DETAILS ALSO LOL
Tell him , He can get some after you get yours.
no I wouldn't that would be a waste of my time.
if they swear only occasionally and when the cause is just, I do care.
Dress nice, clean yourself up a bit.
I knew it pissess him off.
Contrary to what movies say, don't try to be her friend at first.
If he says no , they just say ok I am going if you still want to go . Call me!
BUT...when my sister-in-laws 's husband's dad died , they were all up in it.
Sparms are sneaky little guys, maybe he is hiding...
Give it time and you won't feel the same way about him
You know your man, follow your heart!!!
I want it and she doesnt.
Most men say they do like something in a woman.
OK,IF any of us had it and he had given it to us,why would we give it to you?
did he had 6 kids w/ 1 chick or numerous?
If it works or not , is based on how much you both want it too.
maybe tell him he's too small?
oh yea how cute he is and do you want 2 get rid of him
SORRY TO SAY, BUT YOU SHOULD have KNOWN ALL ABOUT YOUR BOY BEFORE YOU COMMITTED YOURSELF TO HIM.
Yeah one of my brothers ' friends died hid hair wayyyyyyyyy to blond!
there is no color in the sky
He need to speak about what if she does leave?
tell him to stop trying and to just get out of their hair.
I don't know!...I just want the points...lol
If you can't find a person sexually attractive unless they are good - looking , then they would matter to you.
but like the first guy said, you have to learn to like yourself first.
go up to him and get naked and kiss
be a man and go and talk to her, or you'll have to get her
everything different....but Then again , perfect isnt so great either ...not too much fun
believe it or not there are!!
I don't know, but I sure know who the love of my life is!!
If he wants you to go , he'll ask you.
and now some of my friends are saying I am too old.
is that is still the best bet when looking for flowers.
And I am married to him!
How old does he look to you?
was that you or him who wanted to break up?
he standing you up at the prom?!
If your friend likes you and asks you out , you should accept
What kinda site are we thinking about ?
B4 Anyone Else Can believe In You!!
Not 200lbs, because I'm already big as it is.
Kissing just leads to other stuff.
well , if you now start talking to him as a friend and maybe he'll start lyking you
It It , It would be fun for you while looking.
I would want it to be another woman or anything that please my man .
ex Dil here, I call mine by her first name.
Fishy, sounds like she's looking for an out.
its okay if he is legally separated
If you get my drift...... lingerie....candles.....massage......
Oh how those messages set her heart afire!
It is as I said, up to the couple!
So go ahead and bang him.
Don't try to tell her where she's
It that It is very inhumane to quit that relationship
Hey friend... Do you really like this girl?
Ahhhh shit who am I kidding ? Is It about it all ?
so just look for guys that are nice , not as sholes
b yourself If he is the one he will be happy .
Be busy loving yourself and the right person will run over you in a big red truck- mine did!
Even though the Fluteboy is really annoying.
maybe if ya gave more details or something , but good luck
or you can find another friend of his, and see if they know anything.
she will also be there for you.
There are so many diseases out there these days and you don't want to get them.
You are special just the way you are!
3) Neither of you is a Mind reader.
i wish I could do what I 'm advising you to do... do end up good luck .
stand out , do be shy , be yourself and be fun to be around , but it gets annoying .
But Do his family and friends count too?
1) If there is a problem , we talk first!
A Lot of girls your age think they are fat but really are not.
So why even go for it just because of his looks!
its her way of telling you she does n't love you anymore.
trying the college where he went, Most of the time you can find them that way.
Sex is a VERY intimate thing and should be shared w/ the one you love and will marry.
Both say they love me so much.
One of my friends likes a guy that is cute to her , but he is just gross to me.
ive known her for 5 years.
plus, we kick our underwear up in the air to see if we can catch them, ???
Also their butts........hey at least I am honest, I love a good butt!
you just know... You'll feel so great about everything in your life.
The very much so....the #1 The thing I look for guys is the future.
study, and not get into fights with my sister
yeah , but I think it is really hard .
I would , wait I have .
If that doesn't work, he is useless...DUMP HIM.
Someone who wants to be their friend and not just their lover!
9 out of 10, he thinks your hot!
how think I should dress.
That guy will never respect you again if you drag it too long.
how r u devoted to love yet you cheat?
you n't make it grow.... That's a turn off!!!
I would not be with a fat girl.
Just watch When Harry Met Sally!
maybe you need to find a new man?
there is no way you can do that without hurting her or him.
If he is just a friend, then why does it matter if you go with another guy?
just go on my dear,dont be afraid,all fair in love...your in love so come what may......
Ask him if shucks is a good thing.
like what you do or like you know
i do know.. I have the same problem.. though he is not my best friend, just a friend.. but still..
if we can't then it's time to break it up
I HAD SAME PROBLEM...A GREAT WEBSITE HELPED ME THROUGH MY MARRIAGE PROBLEMS.
i mean she is not all that ugly.
Accept him if you really like him in that way.
Having bigger breasts might be cool for boys , but what if you don't like it.
yes you can and 10:00pm but 11:00pm on the weekends
Even if you love him, he is not worth it .
he's just a guy--smoeone who supposedly evolved from apes!
I am single , but some people said they thought I was married.
because they're in love and they don't want to spend the rest of their life alone!
This guy must be some kind of freak.
he is great for me and the kids, and I love him.
fat so she stays with you
Just have to add my NO also
HELL YEAH whats your F***ing problem ?
O-K THAT'S ALL I HAVE TO SAY.
i have lots of guy friends and they want me to go and **** them.should i or not
and now he likes me...should I go back out w/ him?
because maybe you have changed for the better?
My family says that if he really cared about me , then he would be with me.
he has gone to counseling, but she refuses to.
Why would you settle for a man who hits you?!
If she tries to control you... this is not the godly way I'm afraid
And make sure you tell him that you like him and care for him and what he thinks.
just tell her how you feel.
Your parents do have to like your bf, you do.
well , as far as I 'm not attracted to a female that weighs more than me.
she want you to be friends and not more!
trust me, take it easy on him.
the Bible says the tongue is uncontrollable
You might want to start by showing some friggin respect and NOT posting her full name on the internet!!
If ur asking, ur probably gay.
Well, if one is just visting, then you don't see him very often.
make it short but do keep in contact with her.
it just means you have moved on to accept that she is with another guy.
tell him that you like his game and just admire his game play .
i say with friends like those who need enemies.
(i prefer the liquid with royal jelly)
I really like them both , but I really don't know what to do.
maybe He feels there is something special with this girl . Plus do you really want her left - overs?
TIME IS THE BEST ANSWER FOR EVERYTHING...
You are crazy . That is nothing but shawdows noten but shawdos
If she doesn't believe he doesn't like her , then ask him
she will do anything for him.
If you put this person first.
It really shouldn't matter what a girl looks like, it's what inside that really counts !!
I had the best time EVER.
I WANT THE EXACT SAME KIND OF GUY!
Drop her as a friend, not cool at all.
I said OK - that's cool.
Of course , I was flattered and happy!
We don't care about a few extra pounds , especially on the butt.
i like about a 36 C but they have to be real.
I, for one, am not infatuated with gay guys.
Isn't that what webcams are for?
Wouldn't both of you own it?
i hardly ever see him at school either . Usually I see him at my brothers ' basketball games .
I love to sing and have a free personality!
Why do you like thick chix and what is the difference between any being with one physically?
I would tell my boyfriend how much I love him and I would save my sister....
aren't being honest with themselves - or you.
you are in 6th grade , do worry about it too much.
honey you said it, they,re men!
calling the college, or if you can, go there.
his arms if they are strong . , know he is not a lazy guy .
Keep your eyes open for wierd Sh_t!
We don't always think about sex.
(plus there are financial benefits to it)
then tell him that the relationship might not last long.
Come on, he was your BEST FRIEND!!!
looks and then personality matters .
I I I swear I 'm a sex addict and she isnt.
HEY I USED THAT LINE WHEN I WANTED TO DITCH THE GUY!!
yeah it's ok to have a guy as a friend.
Some white girls do date black guys, some do.
yeah if you do it that way
you should be shopping or hanging out with your friends, not having sex with them.
let him you are not .why you think that
Mom and Dad just seems too personal to me.
AND TRY NOT TO BE SHY AND FREAK OUT IF HE TURNS YOU DOWN!
But hearing a person swear all the time is not cool.
I'm so sorry I hurt you...
:-) Seriously, learn to like yourself first.
i like my girl . maybe girly but not shy so I can talk with her
But it is very important no matter what cruise line you choose to tell them you are celebrating.
You definitely don't have to please his every whim to have a happy married life!
nice face he, can lose weight , right?
It It is not that men like more than women.
he think I need to lose 20 pounds for us to have a happy married life .
#3 When you fall in love , you love the idea of just being around.
I He I do want to get hurt . What I should do to get him to trust me ?
well Not all boys are that way.
And we go back to the golden rule of Treat others like we want be treated.
Like, give hints here and there.
totaly boxers tighty whites are so groose
hI My NAME IS Cayla . 10,11
was your friend pregnant when you started dating this guy.
drinking a lot of red Bull watch porn .
No-one wants to be the bad guy.
But just know what to do?
So I will get the money & run back to him ....
Don't hang on to a relationship if you know it's not gonna work out.
Well this is me , but, I would rather you ask me what I want.
i have a girlfriend that I've spent every second with that I could since I've back.
(i mean his personality, not whats underneath his pants) lol
personaly I go by their personality.
Sorry Sweetie, but no woman (or man for that matter) is perfect.
ask what are some of her fantansies.
If he really loved you, why would your weight matter?
I really didnt get this part YEAH R nay?
one day she'll remove that...sooo...if you really like her...go for ....
i could be that or maybe he does know what he wants as yet
you already made your decision....it's over.
I bet she's gay happy too.
go for her , screw the friend
I tell him no one is ever ready.
So far, so good (he's not a psycho!)...
you lay , you have no bones in it .
3 is by avoiding the thought of anything, and just not caring.
But there's no way to get it back.
i think the 2nd answer is really best you tell him what your heart thinks about him .
Not hate ... Just afraid !!
when I get mad . I say such awful things.
TEN (on a scale of 1 to 10 of course)hope this helps
You wouldn't like it if it was the other way around, right?
THERE WILL ALWAYS BE SOMEONE ELSE BETTER LATER IN LIFE!
But, whatever you do, don't let her get away.
Because once it is done , it is done.
twice with nudeness, fun, enjoyment, and sex.
I'm not married, but I do think I would call my Mil mom just because she isnt my mom.
you love your girlfriend/ boyfriend so much.
rain boots, gutter boots, hooker boots, steal - toed boots & snow boots.
support him on what he wants to do with his life
If A MAN MAKES an INNOCENT OR STUPID MISTAKE, WHY DO THEY damage GOODS.
anytime You can get a cute girl go for it .
I like them to take total control of the bedroom
but, I still want to love day and night.
I am scared of it, love it, and hate it all in one psycho mess of emotions =^)
I don't like asking anybody for anything just for that reason.
A man wants what interests him.
do think of the consequence .
but if they seem like a total mismatch, tell him not to worry, it will soon pass.
It by asking why women hang around their girlfriends.
Well, if you'd apologize for the right time already, don't you think that's enough proof that you're sincere.
They're full of sluts over there!
Depends...are you a guy or a girl?
It really terrible like I want to die.
Your luck , Youve got something a lot of girls are really looking for, keep him !
do think you are in love, unless it 's with me, Hit me up via messenger let chat santodomingo@yahoo.com
Court her again.. send her flowers!!
if you're not fun , then I suggest you deploy plastic surgery
Most importantly, don't say them again.....ever
Well that just means that you are really close to her eyes but don't fuk it up
And want to hear about you
(smile) oh.. and congratulations to you both.
Then you can talk a lot.
(pause for some seconds) -a stupid question about something you both like.
she is not in my school also
I didn't read your other question , but talking is a good thing.
I just ain't gonna be in a relationship with one.
but then , of course , you have golddiggers :-p
i do REALLY KNOW OH CRAP . MY COMPUTER JUST WENT INTO CAPSLock . Oh, that 's better.
I NEVER STAY FRIENDS WITH MY EX!
someone who is n't the type to save his life.
they don't feeding it excess fuel or pour gas on it.
Unless they are witch-pointed toe low rise boots, I say they are very sexy.
I think she would like flowers, dinner, and chocolate!
When the boys belly up to the booby bar . I always say a-cups to me .
you're toooooooooooooooooooo young.What if you became a dad ?
Do I accept them back & take someone else.
A good love maker pays attention to what you like...
I hate it when people cuss.
well, at least be friends with the guy.
have you ever given him a reason not to trust you?
Just punch her in the eye
maybe because panties cover two cheeks!
I personally don't think that ALL black men behave that way!!!
If she dumped you . It's not worth it.
He love me when I do bad and when I do good.
I know it would be me for sure!
after you guys are best friends.
ANYONE CAN LOOK AT A PERSON AND say IF THEY LOVE THEIR SIGNIFICANT OTHER
i want to know if he is really going to change
Find another girl, they are a dime a dozen these days!
OK whether if you know the guy??
It's only wrong to do it...
or he will find someone to fill his.
It It's LIKE I HAVE A BRICK WALL IN FRONT OF MY HEART.
roses . Can't go wrong with roses .
they look at camels all day, That makes em horny
if not, then maybe he is just insecure about himself.
One thing I know is that if this guy really loves you, he is going to forgive you.
His visits to bars are FUN, drinking is FUN< all the luck can give him is still not FUN!!!
you are his best friend , You must know a lot about getting together and doing something you both like
and The more I learn about men, the more I like dogs!
Just think of what you are doing and not about you
you should take into consideration how many babies mommas are out there.
The Women in my family tend to do that)
EDIT: Petfauna - my middle name is exxxperiment!
it sounds like your husband is really a trustworthy guy since you guys talked about this.
Well, first you get real close to a person you like.
always asking questions u describe your mental level .
I like my men to be sexy and funny and not sex addicts
(They only want one thing) Am I too picky?
That sounds a lot like ME.
Or am I just rushing things.
Why does he run back to her when he likes me also?
), before making a big move like this (leaving job, family, etc.)
the It REALLY DEPENDS ON the GUY.
guys like girls with character.. I prefer girls who have their own character and not mimic some idol star...
if you snapped this time . who to say you wo snap again?
i find it really childish , but the problem is I really really love him soo much.
so they go out for a while.
I'M MARRIED AND ME AND MY WIFE do IT 4 TIMES A WEEK, AND WE HAVE A CHILD.
Yeah, it can happen, trust me!
give him Arsenic he he he , just kidding
ANd then he thinks I am faking it.
But you're young, and you might do foolish things.
'm sorry because it sounds like you've had a rough time!
No I have to have a girl lighter than me .
do you flirt with people you don't like?
She care about the age difference or maybe the parents do
He could be cheating and think you would do likewise??
It seems men are pretty much ready anytime.
It's not about cocks, and ass, and tits and butthole pleasures.
What really angers me is that my dad remained friends with the guy!
oral and anal sex do that .
the same reason men want to up in their own panties
When you are in a relationship , there HAS TO BE TRUST.
and you want us to tell you it is ok to have sex with him.
no, wait till your 18 at least, then pursue the relationship.
cos then maybe he is not the right man for you.
Just give him anything you like *by your heart*!
I I I would like a good list of wedding SONGS.
share your lust with everybody you meet !
Figure it out and then go to a website with those kinds of products.
it really matters to me . It is the person not the looks
School at 15 and 15 years old .
read a book or 2 on relationships.
4 is even though it's not easy forgiveness and closure.
Why do you always do such stupid things?
The The only hard thing is find your one.
if you truely love him , then he all urs
Girls love to be told they are pretty by a complete stranger, It gives them a confidence boost!!
you need a man who can satsify you
Go up to him and tell him how you feel.
This depends on the type of guy you want to attract.
After 6 years, She became very irritated , especially when her sister got married to a money barrel guy.
BTW> Went through a similar situation and got other piercings ... (THE GIRLS ;) lol)
change your phone number and do give him any more info...thats creepy
Me, I'm a virgin and will be until I marry that girl.
and by the way , just tell him what the worst that could happen.
Have him not try so hard.
so, end it with a BANG!
THEY LIE AND THEY ONLY WANT ONE THING AND I KNOW THAT you KNOW WHAT IT IS!
TALK TO AN OLDER RELATIVE : BROTHER, SISTER, AUNT, UNCLE SOMEONE.
(if you guys have kids, could you call her what they do?
I must love myself and not let anyone else shake that!
have you ever seen little green sparkles in his eyes at night?
Depend on which one puts you in more trouble
tell them how beautiful they r :)
i do know why she ca get a bf.
One One One of my good friends once dated an alien.
i hope you find a special someone!
bigger is better, as long as they are real.....no such things as too big!
but only if you are willing to work on it.
So putting things such as not wanting a relationship will make them more appealling.
So smiling . You guys are GREAT . Just don't believe most of what we say.
I to flirt with this girl because she is hot but it is boring for me to talk to her.
Get it on with her friends.
But if you really love her, keep trying.
12...are you average, over, or under?
because you won't be all nervous or upset about it before it even began!
has he cheated on you . Why do you trust him?
if you are in love , then you ca think about anything else, apart from that lucky man
Then you need a new man!
Don't have sex because you see all this stuff on TV with half naked women.
Now , you know how most men feel.
then make him wait awhile before you give him another dose of that
I think it's the other way around....
I want to be one of those old couples still ass grabbin.
Because I have that same problem.
From those of us who know better... DO NOT DO IT!
be honest , Do you like her to sit there and say nothing at all.
do not make a big deal out of it
IF YOU LOVE SOMEONE , Can YOU CHEAT AND STILL LOVE THE PERSON YOUR WITH?
i had mine at 13, although it was just a hush hush relationship.
Maybe he feels he won't be a good dad?
Yeah, just like Tommy probably told Pam that no one would see the tape either, hahahaha
Of course it is not wrong !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you like him and have an attraction , then don't throw in the towel just yet.
for example; you do like flies, right?
Just enjoy the fact that you have a guy that everybody wants to flirt with
0 - it is not a question.
i know I am too old to fall for dares but I did.
I Personally do not think it is bad . I enjoy it too much .
good and and it will be better if your parntener enjoys it too
actually the way they smell in the morning.
i want to marry this guy and move in with him.
wait a while , tell him again . If he doesn't say I love you back break up wit him
has too much time gone by?
go to a t-shirt printing shop and have a t-shirt made that just says single.
GOOD LUCK WITH YOUR NEW RELATIONSHIP!!
Plus her dad will kill you!
It's like saying that all men are the same, and I know for a fact that they aren't.
Believe me... I know this works!!
One of my best friends and my oldest friend is a guy.
If he can't trust you , then he isn't worth it, No offense.
if she flirts or hits you a lot
you feel safe and know that I will always stay there .
Oh, ant the ass of course, but I look at it after I've checked the eyes.
THERE ARE MANy FISH IN THE SEA... take your time and go fishing..... sweetbabyray2002
something just ain't right about that whole thing to me.
would you want it to be another man or another woman
!.....has Rkelly taught us nothing....my lord
OH, THERE'S NOTHING WRONG WITH GOSPLE *THANKS*
just by looking for that speical someone
^^^...and the man is usually doing the work!
hIS ACTIONS SAY HE LOVES HER.
they always fight but then when they break up he runs back to her.
i'd introduce him to other girls.
I need tips on this . I dream about this guy 4 times when I go to sleep . Help ME!
get over it . There is nothing more a guy hates than a clingy stalker
Do NOTHING....sure that would surprise her.
Love is all you need...at the end!
I guess it's hard to pinpoint the real reason, huh?
You're like the crazy guy in Murder , She Wrote.
if she wants to , you have to worry . , just pray to god for her good things .
do it 100 times to get the best result.
ignor his feelings and dedicate yourself to your boyfriend . You no bit**.
The way they walk The way they love
and We should treat our loved ones the same way.
None I prefer them in good shape and nice looking guy
Um...okay, I HATE online relationships, just to let you know.
If he's still cool . Tell him in 10th grade.
Oh I did I mention Money ?
but is that only because I 'm not getting as much as I want?
my annulment now is quite easy in 3-5 years siguro .
just be who you are, as long as you promote love, not sex or hatred!
Im not going to make it sound like she is a mean gf.
let her feel that you love her and you share your life with her.
my mom, friends , my boyfriend and his kids and a bottle of kessler or 2 or3!!!
AH AH .JUST LIKE GETTING MY FREAK ON .THAT HOT
imagine a girl you love who is xx years old.
Maybe do some of her laundry.
Sometimes Girls don't like to unload stuff on guys.
DON'T EVER CHANGE YOURSELF FOR ANY MAN.
The Most popular guy in grade 6, huh?
No, I call my mother-in law by her first name at times,but mostly a f'n btch
If that what will make you happy . go . 4 it!
she always says, she forgives but never forgets.
At Finally , cut your hands or penis
(in time, you will probably become friends again)
I met a Frank person in Hotornot...wonder if it's him...lol Hope Denise isn't his wife!
THINK ABOUT ALL THE STD'S AND WHAT IF YOU GET PREGNANT.
EITHER YOU TRUST HIM OR YOU do
I do call my father-in-law Dad.
be their friend 's first worry about the rest later
Who wants a friend or a boy?
Try waiting until you are in love with someone.
waiting for him to ask you to move in with him
Like maybe cheating on you was a mistake and she knows she was wrong.
do We would all like to know that
if I was a dude , I could
Don't mess things up with this great guy.
After school kick it with your visiting friend.
there is this guy I really like!!!!
you thinking about having sex with your boyfriend
Heck, I still remember my first crush... my third-grade teacher!
All I know is I'm driving myself crazy thinking about him and how much I miss him?
my family, friends, and a naked rose mcgowan.
hmmm, that is not always true !
They can't be that old , so it shouldn't be hard.
It Sounds fun but not enough to die from!
PRAY YOUR HARDEST AND WALK AWAY.
probably half of what you had when you were 22.
but you have to keep up the maintenance or it'll itch like hell
can please explain more so we can help?
Most of my friends have different tastes in guys.
I am that same kind of guy.
Then a few years later, I had an orgasm & understood!!
but anyway, men can be sexy anyway.
my my my my my well u write in a letter email , go to visit or call every day
i am not much of a swinger.
Like the word slacks....wonder if a guy can wear just a slack?
5 I got my first boyfriend.
if God makes anything better , will he keep it?
there are always good men out there, it's just finding them.
i told a friend that I liked her but she did not feel the same.
in my experience, it is ten times more sexy, especially for women to shave.
My boyfriend cooks for me all the time.
dump her and go on with your life.
so, don't worry about the mood swings . It 's OK.
As for the thirteen year old baby that you are in love with , Forget IT!
No one likes ex's being around.
if you ignore it , something is gonna give.
But, I'm also a total butt man.
sometimes it works , but the end matters a lot
If you know she's a great person , don't care about what anyone else thinks, be a true friend.
The that of a woman is probably far more dangerous .
you lying to her man.. She's probably gone for good
It is a matter of age...they guys you know are in their sexual peak years...apparently you are a teen-20something.
It Looks like both of you have been married for the last 5 years.
I just want my wife to want it as bad as I do.
you may not be mr perfect , but do you expect a perfect woman?
It sounds like you are cheating on her.
But before that , I had a lot of dates and fun before I found her.
do know .. I love girls kissing and eating their lips each other .. It turns me on
no, You can lust in a week though
MAYBE YOU LIKES FLIRTING WITH AND IF SHE CONTINUES, TRY HER.
And do ask yes or no questions.
FROM MY EXPIREANCE He LIKES a lot
:) Sex has no step, buddy.
Oh yeah, and the final reason...God said so!
Just be careful with that one, OK baby?
I've already liked guys like that... never the opposite...
and That is your current MOM.
or did that come after you were married.
trust me . He'll/she'll definitely remember that!
So I got into bodybuilding and started eating more.
I loved him and he loved me.
I almost 13 years old , spent a lot of time at neopets.com
we both made other mad and last night we talked about it and resolved pretty much everything.
GET AN EDUCATION BEFORE YOU WORRY ABOUT ANY ******.
HA HA HA..WHAT A QUESTION..BUT WE SHOULD THINK..Y
So he'll be dumping her soon.
Men don't picture romance like we do.
There are a lot of nice guys out there.
show him that you are the dream girl for him!
If it was a teenager , he would think oh man 'm so going to nail that.
I don't think it's a bad thing to want to move on.
It depends on where she got married.
please do not try to impress a guy.
all women are just interested in sex.
shes my friend , so help me out .
and how old were you when you got your first kiss.give details
But to see nice eyes & a good looking smile also makes them much more attractive!
the There is a lot of it for me, too.
go to white pages.com.......they can look up anything......or you could call 411!!!
I'm not always horny and I'm a cool guy.
listening to her, and then respond intelligently... Beware...it is difficult
you using like messenger to have sex on the net .
Get over him... he's not WORTH YOUR TIME.
Those is oreos and it's DOUBLE STUFF.
(haha) You guys ALWAYS understand us!!
I don't think MOST women cry, but some do.
Don't end up as a statistic because you got pregnant or end up with some S.T.D.
#1 When you first meet someone you are not attracted to their intelect.
They never get close to me, and I never want to go see what it is.
and a great find for a future wife!
He said, I can't believe I wasted so much time on other girls...
I mean , I ca imagine someone that big ramming into me!!
And I never told anyone.....
She say When I want to have sex, I'll let you know.
Just remember one thing, love conquers all.
nothing is ever definite in a relationship, but if you feel that special something, then it is worth investigating, right?
to you- green to us- blue
assorted, with lots of bright colors
Don't take a chance on your life like that.
he dribbles... he shoots... he scores... 2 points...
Again , Don't look for one, and the right girl will come.
no offensive or anything ... it's your friend that crappy ... you are just a good friend .
'm only 19 and she 24, We hang out often when 'm with her brother.
I can't wait until school starts back up.
That was the #1 thing I remember.
Is it a mature guy, he would think it cool and proud of you.
I know I love her, Any advice?
Don't be hard on yourself, there's lots of time to get serious later
We chatted for a bit and I left.
because you have sex with men
its either their looks,social standing,money,stuff like that.
Every one is so busy with their own lives, they don't sit around and gossip etc.
sex sex sex and ice cream .
and at home with their wives I guess....
i thank you for that , even though I really deserve it .
You've got to COMMUNICATE & TRUST one another & not back out when the tough gets going.
and You you wake up in the morning to please that person.
Becoming a parent is a HUGE step - I should know...I already am a mom.
Do you honestly think guys just want to watch TV with you or just talk??
Hmmm it is definitely NOT just men..trust me I know something about this . LOL
move on, start giving all that sex to someone who wants it
however, do disrespect your parents . You do wanna get kicked out or anything .
This boy is like the one I 'm really into and he is so cute.
if you want to take a chance at messing with that, again, it your decision.
do talking to him and see how he reacts before making a final decision
The girl'ssssss can't be gay , they can be lesbians.
Because women think everything is gross.
Anyway... A perfect person does NOT exist.
or is the girl gonna think I have feelings for her?
I am, but I don't think it gets me anywhere,lol.
Don't forget good ol' mind over matter.
U will have ups and downs in a relationship.
not boot boots , but they are high heel boots and a skirt that is sweet
Show up naked, bring beer, don't block the TV.
I waited until I was 28 and it was on my wedding night!
when you stop doing things together.
you prooved to me that you are egoistic by asking this question .
Don't worry , life or God usually choose the right thing .
So if you're a guy, then pick a girl between 32 and 39 years old.
some just want it and some try to understand but are unsuccessful.
by asking a girl that you like and see what she says.
im bi and 'm married to a guy.
You sound like a nice person who deserves someone nicer than this guy!!!!!
you shouldn't even be thinking about that at 15.
Stop dreaming about ur naked GF 6.
He'll get over it (it sounds like he already is), and by all means do NOT do that again.
looking up on the internet about penis exercises.
Do you really want a guy that wants a crutch no matter what?
(age matters if he is older than 18 and your not, then it really matters.)
I you just be yourself , then you will naturally attract the one that is right for you.
If he thinks she's better for him, okay...That means he wasn't good enough for me!
but 've been with a thick woman b4 out of curiosity
Don't worry, most of the time Mr.
i like to feel n't see!!
Do whatever you want . 2 & b happy & make other people happy . 2.
having sex with my girlfriend without using rubber!
cuz he thinks he doesnt have too :-/
Is it because you don't want it to end up in the wrong hands?
a... Hi how r you ?
yea.. though there is a person behind it all
i am not looking for a guy I do even know Sweety you sound just plain Desperate!
Some guys love speaking , some would rather give it.
unless... he's already committed to someone else!
Im pretty sure he will tell you exactly what he wants.
don't act all needy about it
Looks + no personality = boring
depending where he is looking at.. you know.. ..
Or something you know he needs or for personal care (watch, wallet, belt...).
when it interferes with watching sports
And do abondon him as a whole...just be there I guess.
But then I think - don't I deserve to love someone that much too?
ummmmmm only men are supposed to be like that?
:o) And if he really does loves you, Keep Him
sending her things like candy, flower.
you can not make anybody love them .
You never want to be that person saying, I wonder what would have happened if I dated...?
I know it sounds cheesy buying eyes, they can tell a lot about a person.
hes not like a typical obnoxious jock.
easily At that age, us guys have all our hormones all over the place
im sure it would be fine but be safe about it
It Sounds like it wo last long.
Plus it is freaky and men like freaky stuff!
IF YOU know that your HUSBAND IS A BORN CHEATER and CALL ON ALL D NUMBERS.
I am a guy and I respect honestly.
well, in the world could your sparm go?
which would you rather have a tongue or a dick?
then, you have an open invitation to start small talk.
Just a man that knows what he is doing!
HELL no....if he can not take your word for it or just wait until you meet....to hell with him.
Age difference 16 years apart , but definitely she's the one!
if you have to question yourself you are probably a gay bra.
listening to your heart forget what people might think or say it's your life you live .
IF YOU HAVE TO ASK ,THERE IS A PROBLEM
if he does'nt have someone special in his life and you don't either , then what is the problem?
if you are parting well and you wo regret it, Then sure.
you did the right thing, I would have probably told her to never come back
Funny to me how many girls ask that question on here, but don't ask what's in it for me?
I reply and we go on!
that pretty stupid for someone not to like someone else because of braces!!!
if you want to enjoy life , avoid girls
Thats Why is it important to be married first!
If you answer YES on the 1st question , then I guess all you have to do is start courting...
besides, if he's willing to return the favor, you're lucky!
The Only thing is that I told her before anyone else.
My boyfriend has a really bad temper . He beat me up a few times for nothing .
Did you ever had a mouth full of hair?
tell him straight on the face.
How I get her to come back.
all men are just interested in sex.
brains, boobs, butts, blue eyes, what?
love and companionship and sometimes money .
because looks can be deceving .
oh yea, guys who say it don't have little ones
Right now these 16,17...yr. old boys aren't interested in that kind of thing.
He start to say ohh did a guy send you a message and bla blah.
the guy starts to infatuate about her.
(again it could be because of the past happens with the girl?)
Keep up with what you 're doing but do broadcast it
ha ha sounds like he is!
yes, all men can cook, but will they cook for you????
YOU JUST CAN'T STOP THINKING ABOUT THE PERSON.
He has a shop in Texas...and He is good!
If you have a fly hanging around you all the time, you want to kill it, fast!
or when she does go , she doesnt say much.
see I am under control myself
When you flirt with him does he flirt back?
Start with a pet (if you don't have one).
but when I meet a hot guy I want to date them.
i really miss my 1st gf.
-O- MENS, IT WILL STAY THAT WAY TILL I DIE AND AFTER THAT.
But I'd like to believe that.
My mom, My middle name, and my friend (but she spells it Deniz)
Just flirt with them or ask for help on homework or something.
as long as you are not under age , then it is good older guys make better lovers
I think not knowing is worse
flowers candy and a soft kiss on the front
well first of all, you can't show him, but you can tell him.
You need to make friends with girls , not boys.
Just asking her to bend over and kiss her butt.
maybey he is crazy mad retarted?
I want to look great every day
he is in thatre with me . I have had crushes before but never like this . He is not gay!!!!
Either way , it's gonna hurt you and the family.
After they watched it, she found it so sexy that they now regularly make tapes!
hope This has helped you with your answer
right me back on my question . How do you get a date when nobody likes you ?
Try that and that way you wo have to fake it.
My boyfriend tries really hard some times , but some times nothing happens, What should I do?
when your girl is so loose that it is like sticking your thing in a hoola hoop
I'm 59 and I go about once a week now , so go from there.
He might like you , so he's just staring.
If she does think you are a good match, figure out why.
He also shows me he loves me in other ways.......you deserves that.
Have sex with him and test him out......If he cums fast.......he may love you too.
if he is cheating on you, you should find someone else
You don't find love , it finds you!!
i am talking about best friends , not about married couples.
I I I I HAVEN'T I TRIED IT...DON'T KNOW IF I WOULD..I'M SATISFIED WITH MY HUBBY
you better be careful if ur really 10. and if ur not then yea..... let c stupidgirl0413@yahoo
if you love her , send her red roses .
That's pretty mature on your part.
At It was not normal as I was a girl then.
(secrect: to marry, you need a strong body, you need a strong p.n.s)
retype this question , so all might know what you are asking OK. boy.
STOP AND PRAY IN THE MIST OF YOUR FINDING BECAUSE ONLY GOD CAN KEEP YOU FROM KILLING THEM.
You only going around once in this life and you have to take your best shot.
its perfectly ok of wanting to date a married man, you just make sure you do get caught.
trying to talk to him after his basketball game .
need a ride, borrow a few dollars, etc.).
Babygirl, you need to bag that trash up, tie it and kick it to the CURB!!!!!!!!!!
It It's not like she's a stripper.
If the girl gives attention and importance to her man!
you can run from a lot of men
no, she just don't see you like that and she would rather be just friends
It been there done pretty fun
i believe there is something out there for everyone . Maybe you will get that special someone soon
That way , they don't see you coming and run away.
think it over hard and then have fun
it depends on your personality and what kind of boys you like!
i would, because a best friend knows you better than a regular guy and he'll understand you better.
if you get enough in your system , you will be screwing like rabits.
My ex boyfriend and the father of my baby.
no date yet , but afraid to make bolder move......any suggestions.
lol I agree with you there Riff.
During the week, 10 PM if homework is done, 11 PM on weekends
i would tell you, but then I would feel bad because I told her I wouldn't tell
You like the same guy that your friend likes , so flirting with him would be wrong.
At this point , there should be absolutely no question as to where both of you are coming from!
Should I give up or keep trying?
maybe you will try this . Forget about being married . It will happen when you want to expect it .
hes not very mature, you know that already
Don't fret or plan on what to do during sex!
i think yes , because he seemed like your father or something people would talk about .
sorry but I 'm a guy and my wife ask's that same ?
you said you broke up with ur bf yesterday.
if it feels good , why stop?
ONLY If SHE'S GONNA BE THE 1 YOU REALLY WANNA SPEND YOUR LIFE WITH DUDE,AIDS AIN'T KEWL
asking him if he leaves way as you do . If he does't some other guy would find you.
I say go with your heart and you wo go wrong.
Have you ask him what he wants?
no girls rnt interested in ugly brilliant people.....
do WORRY 'm THE ONE WITH THE picture EVERYONE, THE OTHER IS A POSER!
kicking the devil out of the garden of Eden
if you care for him , then you will wait for his return
GOOD TO SEE PUMPING IRON HASNT KEPT YOU FROM LEARNING THE BASICS of LIFE.
whatever you decide , be careful and good luck .
Wow That is a lot of baggage.
Make sex fun, and even fun at times.
I use to think so but guys usually want one thing and one thing only.
you sound young, so I say do have sex yet.
it depends on where you go to school and live.
once a week is once too many for me
tell me the fantasies... she is the sexiest thing in the world .
B) Send them right back at him!
So it matters more between the two people than it does anyone else.
I MYSELF WOULD SAY THAT THEY PLAY TOO DAMN MUCH.
I don't like it when they are so big that they take on a life of their own.
i've already done small things, flirting, dropping off cookies, Hugs & kisses.
and if it was long , why did you break up with him.
I saw you and came down for you with great love!
I 'm not really sure why I 'm answering your post... LOL Well hope this teeny weeny info helps
you've spelled your name wrong , it's anonymous .
AND By THE WAY , I AM JUST A VERY GOOD ADVICE GIVER BUT I AM ONLY 14.
i do think so atleat, not for my own pleasure !
The question is do YOU like HIM?
Especially when you're the one getting fucked.
who knows only you can tell .... you look gay though
My best friend was having a baby and she said it was my boyfriend 's baby.
do ask her in a weird freakish way.
i know he is happy, and I do know how to help him.
Well I'm a snap dragon kinda girl..
If you want a definite answer soon
I'M NOT ACCUSING YOU OF ANYTHING BUT I'm SORRY BUT SOME PEOPLE LOOK AT THE STERIOTYPES.
man you need to learn how to ask questions right .19. is hardly a boy.
Good Luck and let me know how it goes!
Both of you would have to be comfortable with it or it wouldn't work.
and you guys will trust each other more and talk about everything more openly.
the decent guys looking for personality.
having sex without a rubber Stupid me
i have been there, homeschool takes away all social life!
What's the #1 thing you look 4 in a guy?
On the other hand , you don't want to be that person saying,Why in the world did I date...?
your dress should be according to where you are going and what you are doing...
i personally like girls that are funny.
(i know cause that just happened to me last week.)
Just have fun and don't worry about what he is going to say or think.
hey Tino let go out Saturday.
I never got a propasal We just got married.
i don't think she should be mad.
keep trying and do all the best.. (^^)
IF you ca get someone who both of you know and respect.
ask the girl before she asks you to be polite).
as long as there is love on both your parts
Y does she do this to me?
just make for her what she really expects from you
But eventually , it's just not worth hanging around , so I left.
no.. You should wait until you are older and know a lot more about sex.
the way you notice her and the way she acts around you
Don't beat around the bush, say whats on your mind!
Because you are looking in the wrong places.
If that person was fun to be around.
some people use you or just having sex with you
Some people want a boyfriend/girlfriend who they can show off and say Hey look, my bf/gf is hot!
What KIND OF QUESTION IS THAT?
SERIOUSLY , BOYS MIGHT WANT TO **** UNEDUCATED GIRLS BUT THEY MARRY THE SMART CHURCHGOING GIRLS.
I wish I had that problem...
How open are you to new things?
No wonder you need a girl with very good English, so she can teach you how to spell.
is kissing's cheating Wow I really am out of it .
another way to ask yourself self is this somebody that you could possibly spend the rest of your life with?
It is divine to forgive without the BUT(S)... TO ERR IS HUMAN TO FORGIVE IS DIVINE...
I love my husband to death!
What the heck, go for it & good luck.
Deep inside . We know you're faking!!
I wouldn't spit on him if he was burning.
be yourself and let them love you on their own.
be nice, talk to her, show her you love her( hugs, kisses)
this is gonna be a tough one for you to deal with.
Mostly, just show him how much you missed him!
It seems like you have your life together without her and it sounds pretty chaotic.
Or else he loves being around you.
Yes IT IS POSSIBLE NOT TO CALL PEOPLE NAMES because IT COMES BACK to THEM
not any longer than you have to!
That to some it up right there^
I like this boy Austin and I asked my friend Claudia to ask him if he likes me
Man thongs (for the nice physique), boxers (for the uglies)
he dribbles... he shoots... he scores... 2 points...
Not everyone is doing it... even if they say they are.
1) To thy own self be true!
yes , BUT not when it makes the girl uneasy in the mall . haha
and also promise him you won't do stupid things like this anymore.
Tell him he's an idiot and dump him.
As far as how it felt?
love is all that you think it is.
they will look awesome and yummy lol!!
Be assured, there are others like you in this world :)
So I avoided him , though he wanted to take it further.
However I can deal with short hair but they gotta have an awsome chest!
just ask him a question that might start up a nice conversation!
learn how to eat virgina instead.
yep..you have reached the final clinching step in having your identity stolen!!!
instant_karma hit it right on the nose!!
SHOULD YOU HAVE TO WORK on THEM OR SHOULD THEY COME easily
21 years with a 15 year old.
Even you're Even young, you'll meet many guys.
Probably because he is in love with her.
The sad part is he is moving to Ohio this June!!!
...you just got into conversation with him
She should be mad enough to move on.
just don't do anything too drastic!
now that is not a great anology , but bear with me.
Then try to go with a kiss and , if he denies you , SORRY.
let him ask you first if he did . That means he has different plans
At least it would have been fun, however long it lasted!!
You can't stop them, but you can ask your guy not to flirt back.
Do I give up and move on?
you don't know what you have got till it's gone is what they say.
Life isn't as simple as leaving him or don't, unfortunately... it all depends on you.
What did you think/reason when you were that age?
34-36 sounds pretty darn good to me.
I don't trust my bank even!
I don't want to listen to their stupidity!
always looking at things from their perspective.
Get a life guy, quit stalking the poor girl.
HEY SWEET HEART . Not EVERY GUY IS LIKE THAT , SO I SUGGEST YOU THINK BEFORE YOU OPEN YOUR MOUTH.
You like her then go get her :) !!
lol funny , How did you know you are losing it, did it just come out
point- have friends who have a completely different taste from you that always works!!
I can't wait to see her face at the airport when I return!!
Race definitely can't hold that down... unless you a moron that lets it.. lol ...
You can imagine what else he's thinking about!
THANK GOD THAT I WOKE UP ANOTHER DAY AND THEN MY HUSBAND
well I first thought of my son 's baby bed was right next to mine.
You r to lucky got gals for sex so early.
a lot of things like how these are.
Tell him that you just snapped and that you are sorry.
there is no specific way to ask a girl out.
Looks only matters if you want them to...
Or you could talk about the teams he likes.
And if you ask him your thoughts your thoughts :)
but at the moment its infatuation!!
but it's better to put him alone and ask.
what are the do's and don't on your first date?
Just do not give up, even though it is like pulling teeth.
yea I would cheat on my boyfriend wit Chris Brown hes so sexy!!
unfortunately Some men never grow up
six years is not that long for some people, Then again, six years is awfully long for others.
as long as he sees you mean it , he should forgive you.
Of course , she might get nightmares, which is bad.
i have a daughter that just turned 20!
If you are unsure in any way , don't do it.
my MY B/F IS LONG DISTANCE AND HE HAS TOLD EVERYBODY , EVEN MY BEST FRIEND ,
i would say around her waist.
not sticking up for her but truly honoring her?
When he leaves my house , I get really sad that he is leaving.
But I have to make it first...
ask the doctor or if she is prone to complications , . be very careful .
He says you don't shower enough.
i am pretty sure he likes me.
share them with your b/f or g/f?
You need to move on and get over this man.
add me and we'll talk :)
i love his eyes and smile
if you need to ask this question , then you are not ready.
Have your fun and realize that it is just that.
but that is not what we usually think when we look at women.
ouch that means why do you just talk to her or tell her how you feel about her ?
Even the Times Square Urban cowboy has a cowboy hat and boots!
to find someone who has the same interests as you do
remember that watching porn does not make you a bad person , so do sweat it.
i've been in that position and you just have to wait it out.
we did the wedding and honeymoon all in one, It was cost - effective and so much fun!!
You can only have true peace if Jesus is in your heart .
Hey-i'm having the same problem...you are just missing him right now, its normal and you'll get over it.
i want him to be surprised too.
i don't know why all the people keep giving rude answers.
if you guys are friends , talk to her about her problem.
they would like it but it depends, because they might not like the girls who are asking 'em out!
Give me a little spank, would ya?
figure out which one you really think that you will have a future with
Lots of times they say they did when they didn't...WITH NO THOUGHT AS TO HOW THIS HURTS THE GIRL!
WOMEN CHEAT ON MEN BECAUSE MENTALLY WOMEN ARE MISSING SOMETHING.
{BUT WHAT you DO WILL COME BACK TO you AND your HEART IS GOING to BROKEN . Think ABOUT IT .
When it feels right ... You should wait til your married ..
8 years is not that much.
I do things to show how much I love my girl, and she does things to show me.
and listen to what he says to see if he is droping hints for you.
I know this sounds funny but it always seems like they don't??
And I am running out of excuses.
There are so many fish in the sea!
GIVE HIM SPORTS TICKETS to HIS FAV TEAM
guys, much the same way , just not to the face.
How would we like to be a girlfriend?
say something about gay guys or being gay and see how he reacts to your comment.
I think it might be for some people...
usually when someone comes right out and says I am not.... you know why?
best to divorce if you want sex but are not getting it.
Listen, I'm going to go ________.
if you think that you should flirt while married.
depends on how well you have built up your relationship.
but you already know it; it is so clear.
NOW , ESPECIALLY IF HE IS lying TO YOU ABOUT TALKING TO OTHER WOMEN ONLINE.
IF HE LIES ABOUT IT, THEN THE INTENTIONS ARE definitely BAD.
If you do trust your friends , would you still be friends with them?
The One guy I've been eyeing happens to be checking me out too.
i guess I have a radical philosophy.
Best of luck to you both!!
If she falls for it, she's not worth your time...
my Hey I 'm from Patterson----but 'm 22----cool--small world--crazy little town!
( I am only being honest, no disrespect at all)
And do forget to get down on your knee!
its about them, not about you, so put the spotlight on them, not you.
Sex IS SO MUCH MORE PERSONAL, AND SENSUAL WHEN YOU'RE W/ SOMEONE YOU TRUST AND HAVE A CONNECTION W/.
I know this sounds corny but it works.
It's simple sweetie because they are girls!!
Guys can be weird . I should know.
Whatever you decide to do, Don't let her get the best of you.
ok They both are in love with me a lot
My boyfriend 's ex wife hates my guts . . I think she wants to see me dead to be honest.
14 just saying I was too hot
or should I say most of them do give a darn...
I don't know what to do.
DOES ANYBODY KNOW WHAT I SHOULD DO...THANKS
there is a reason why she is your ex.
Had it for a while there, but kind of a jerk otherwise and didn't go down.
they know each other only the internet and telephone... but she wants to marry him... what to do?
Well The question is, what happened
You can even like your mama and I'll be ok with it .
her juices will not be enough.
Women want their partner to think that they are the one, i.e.
It is like saying nice guys finish last.
you do think there are other females in other places
sry if this answer is so ammeture!
anything else besides that or friendship is gross
If you say it ... you mean it!
just talk to him at first
thats what you call a sugar daddy.
you are just lifted off of your feet.
and no it is not wrong.
go to a movie together, but have your mom drop you off if she won't let him take you.
'm always getting hit up by young guys , because I 'm nasty,dominating say what I want.
I do think this is TRUE, but I have heard it (and even said it!)
getting no idea of what you said
yes if you do want to lose a friend.
How well do you know this guy?
are you from India because that 's what it sounds like.you need help .
Don't take what you have for granted!!
teeth yellow and brown teeth are not only ugly , but boy do they stink
Boyfriend, best friend, Pizza Delivery boy, plumber?
being totally funny here, the answer is yes.
when I have nothing to do
or you can wait it out!
He should stay at home and grow up
you should have told him, btw
but if he was not that good of a guy , I would definitely dump him.
no not at all, it 's how you use your tool that matters.
I I I personally think that is not right moraly.
Invite her to a pants party.
but you just have to do what you can for you and your baby.
to bad for you . I feel sorry for you
He is really Really hot so........
No I do mean a travel stopover.
If he quits, you would be complianing about that too.
Do you know who came up with that.
But I apologized for all that.
I know who I want to be with, but I in a position where I can't choose.
please... I feel the same way...
Why can't guys stay focused on one girl?
Do worried you'll be able to give yourself a chance to mend your heart!!
don't dump her just because of that; it's much better that she told you.
Because I'm a dumb@ss, and I'm learning.
tell him to his face, he will apply it better that way .
because it helps keep us feeling young.
when you care about someone, you ca usually see their flaws...at least not at first, lol.
women cheat too , but they are smarter than men and don't get caught.
The The size of the dick does matter.
ask yourself how important it really is to you.
I was in a marriage like this once...and it bothered me.
until you have a taste of unconditional love , you haven't had everything that makes life worth living.
Sometimes you gotta give someone a rap on the beak to get some respect, Is that so wrong?
no need to go pussyfooting around.
1's a freak , always a freak , so if she 's down y shouldn't you be?
wE AGREE WITH FREELOVE AND DEXTER BROWN...HELLO...EVERY GUYS ' FANTASY of being WITH MORE THAN ONE WOMAN AT A TIME...
it means he is too shy to call
you better enjoy it while it lasts
A'm I just being petty or do you think it is an issue.
i hid in the closet when my man's brother and law walked into the house.
they just like us to think they don't.
Is Is Is Is Is Is is it because he is trying to make me jealous?
and you think you can't afford to lose her/ him.
So pass the tequila, vodka, or even mescal, what the hell!
so it is best to use a condom or not have sex.
have you ever talked to him
You feel like a biatch !!
You probably don't have one yet...if you do , you should give it time.
ask to be the best man.
i met with him last week, I had a good time, got drunk, and embarrassed myself.
3: Sit around and mope all the time, gain weight, start drinking, or become a druggy.
any aunties whom I can find in bangalore
who is now streaming on the internet.
My best friend telling me that she had sex with her brother
One time I met some girl that dumped me a few years back.
Don't waste your time with her.
to lose like you, He is very unlucky.
also a change of scenery could help too , especially if you have kids.
to read Books online...they have a lot of nice books, with pictures deplicting positions and stuff like that.
no... less than once is bad
Jeez - I'm racking up the points tonight
Disney World...we wanted to have fun and we did!
TELL HIM GIRL STOP ACTIN CRAZY!!!!!!
(but in a better way than what I just said)
When the time is right , he'll ask, How can he not?
that depends how much money you get
Some guys like to make women jealous.
if its still a casual relationship , then no, I would probably not want to be with him.
sometimes He doesn't care about my feelings.
Why weren't we invited to this 'pity party'?
Some guys used to play with girls because of boastful attitude.
but if it was because he forgets his birthday (and he did it many times) about himself
begging her to forgive you and don't blame her if she didn't it your mistake from the beginning
What was it that he did that was so wrong?
Flirt with him and ask him if he wants to do something on Saturday.
i do think that is wrong at all...unless they arent of legal age.
I mean, guys compare lengths with each other sometimes, right?
And do a whole lot around the house.
i woke up immediately, shocked, and had no idea what had happened.
i think I 've always only suffered because of myself, it just appeared to be because of a woman.
asking him his phone number or where his house is.
an apron and some rubber gloves
if she is your friend, leave it alone.
girls love a guy that has guts...even if they are not attracted to him!
its hard if you continue the relationship with that guy.
(even our teachers think we should go out!)
I don't think it's simply because you're a gal and he's a guy...
My girlfriend is 22 and I am 44 and we get along great!
I mean , what is that really saying about her?
people tend to play games like that.
because it's just the sex thing that kept them together and not true love
If she says no take it like a real man and say OK thanks anyway . You might be surprised
The Same goes for your domestic version :)
There there There are so many different races these days.
if he likes you , he will call back.
one thing I learned from guys - don't nag them too much or they'll just hide stuff from you
but if you care more about the guy, then YOU GO GIRL...lol...just kidding...seriously, go find another man.
I felt like I was in an 80s movie.
Get the hell away from her.
try to add details lots of them...
Ya sure , just ask if he got a big un.
Dude, it's like you sort of want to check yourself.
PEOPLE TEND TO GET LAZY IN RELATIONSHIPS, AND JOB AND KIDS SLOW down THE ROMANCE YOU ONCE HAD.
just going to a movie or something with him.
this is not at all a problem... continue with what you are doing
maybe she means that she doesn't think she is good enough for you.
Someone who does not 'need' me.
that little dab contains millions of baby making sperm .
because they are too horny
sit with him and see how he reacts.
of course , I would have seen brad pitts legs . I do even think twice about it .
Well thinking like that won't help matters at all!
- meet with people, try to help other people.
It's getty pretty lonely up here at night
you should make being with yourself fun again , like when you guys just met.
depending on where you are , that might involve a can of paint and a water tower !
Out of sight - Out of mind.
spur of the moment and later plan it
hell ya , but just remember that you ca change a house into a house wife , so be careful
If she says yes...good for you!
tell them what to ask the guy and what to tell him.
give him a hint ... smile at him or something
I don't honestly believe I loved my boyfriend.
Just a guess , but maybe because you think all men are dumbasses?
just be honest, you will both feel better
- keep try, do lose your hope.
well if he says yes , that weird cuz he doesnt know who he's saying yes to.
i took a big box to her house on her birthday and hid in it.
i mean there are action figures for gosh sakes...
ma'am, u r not too old to hang with a 22 year old man.
That sounds right... You dating Yourself?
How tall is She
hi me from India but sorry not interested
Stay away from married women and you will do just fine!
And for your info, I faked once.
Not A lot of boys like like girls that dress fancy, Just trust me!
Hmmm...casually bring it up one night.
IF he's broke , then please understand.
Valentines day, my opinion has gotten too comercialized.
only girls believe everything they say.
Tell him He smells like butt and you want him to go home and take a shower.
Not nearly as long as it takes to get OUT of one!
tell her off and tell this guy how she really feels before she gets ahold of him
Your head is probably playing tricks on you , but listen to your heart .
The hottest thing since Jessica Rabbit
try asking some of his friends or even just directly asking her out!
I do think its wrong to marry someone way older than you.
if she giggles looks at you like she likes . You ask her friends , anyone that close to her
If you want to stay with him , then you need to step your game up!
Meanwhile , I wish you all the best . If You get someone who matches your whims ,
he'll think about how he feels and hopefully stop going it.
but if other girls show off there , he can look at all he wants.
relax and do not care, you do not need him to call you.
I CAN ALMOST GUARANTEE YOU SHE'S GETTING IT FROM SOMEONE ELSE, BETTER KEEP AN EYE OUT.
sex is good , but when you find someone you truely love , it's a whole lot better .
by the way , I 'm 14 and in 8th grade....
Men only know one real way of showing affection, SEX!!!!!!!
It not like love between other people outside the family
it doesn't make sense to me
Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is is Is someone telling you it is wrong?
this year I didn't get anything for my birthday.my parents and I were 18 hrs.
Be honest and tell her she does want to get married.
wait until you get a little older.
As for me , I've tried with both, and having two men for one girl is definitely the best...
I guess I'm just looking for something really creative and original, or maybe something traditional--I can't decide!
if someone else is telling you to stop, you probably want
And you know what, don't wait around the phone.
do Both of you want to get married
But to that I say, don't worry about what will happen after.
i want something different and fun.
If you have already seen it, watch it again!!!
But Most of us are a little off!
love is caring about a person very much?
it was so good , but I ca get up never to ask him out!!!!!!!
well, don't be a cheater, alright?
You could also paint or hang out with friends.
i mean , I care about him a lot
Get her nice and drunk, and make it a perfect night.
friends should not sleep together.. period
i do think the lesbian partner likes you because she a...um...lesbian!
tell him your feelings ... if you are shy write it ...
i often wonder what people think bout that.
to tell you the truth and say it the other way around.
you obviously want the answer that a woman like that needs no one , so why ask it like that.
a guy will say Hell Yeah!
the It really depends on what type of nice guy you are seeking.
I don't want a guy ten years older than me.
now he is lik omg ur a slut ancallin me a liar.
I I I I I I do..But now I'm married to someone else.Still . I'm in love with the first.
I can't see myself jumping in bed with my Dad and taking a nap, but that's just me....GOOd LUCK
let her know you for what you really are!
now she tells me she has no other way to deal with it.
i would react the same way you did.
i climaxed in a dream when, I think, I was in junior high.
boys focus more on girls body.
we learned from the best ... women!
The girl who had fewer boyfriends.
omg, this one is so easy.
so dump him and look for someone else.. who would care more about your emotions for
he may say SORRY , do worry and do become angry.
playa del Carmen, riviera maya, mexico.
YES THE ONE AND TRUE ANSWER!
They filmed something like it hot there.
The Life is short-listen to slayers naked
1ST OF ALL , I WOULD WAIT for HIM to PROPOSE.
But don't go falling all over him, and no begging please.
um yea that too.... 'm OK but you hun, are definitely not
but I think I'll go crazy soon, if nothing happens.
hey to each his own....but it would be really funny to see that one...
not if sex is good ,
when there isn't any trust in the relationship and you realize things do feel the same
To make him choose the one he really wants to be with
What OTHER REASON WOULD HE BE chatting WITH WOMEN ONLINE?
you have it no worse than anyone else.
do do it out of desperation just to go to the prom.
im with the person who answered on top
you have not even tried to contact me..WHY is that ????
Yes I want a girlfriend , but do you want a boyfriend ? Yes or no ?
u don't find your soul mate.
if he keeps bothering you, don't hang around him anymore.
if it feels good do it!
Don't rush, don't start early... You DO NOT need to practice.
Maybe you get hurt real badly and now you don't believe in love' anymore.
just try not to push him.
Well, you kind of answered your own question there: cuz he knows other guys will look.
even if guys are married or w/ a girlfriend, they'll still look at girls.
because she will only get 1 year of support for every two years married.
for some girls , they feel good b/c they are maturing.
Why is it your job to tell your husband what to do?
iam a healthy thick female and I get attention all the time from guys.
do allow him to go meet them.
you can talk to me at soccerbabe296@verizon.net just email me and I 'll talk to you
if it hasn't been a long time , he might not be your true love.
Give him something practical, cuz guys kinda don't like something just to look at.
are you a male nurse or a lady nurse.
DUH< WHAT KIND OF FREAK DOESNT KNOW THAT???????
make him understand you truely love this guy.
Only if you are ready for a relationship.
if he was a really good guy that I'm really attracted to . I would stay with him.
you because you are nice,make me sick . ,you are nice,maybe I should have married you!!
You to pluck Daisey petals (he loves me, he loves me not...).
check her weight with her height and if it's in Rang Ethan she's OK.
or you could ask him to a school dance if you have one comming up.
if not , what else would you need?
Like it slip past your lips but you do want it to.
expect that you don't choose, will get hurt.
I wish you lots of luck.
If not wait til you are mature enough to handle it.
When I was 14, I had lesbian sex, and then when I realized that I liked it.
i pay all the bills she paid the rent.
you're too kind , you need to show some defense and toughness!
SAY you WANT TO WARM THEM UP
open your eyes dear heart , hes only playin you !
Las Vegas, it was a blast!
if you were a couple years older , I could see why.
Why would you want your friends ' leftovers anyway.
Don't make her uncomfortable . That will definitely make you strike out!
That's right, he has to do what you say.
Don't wait for a life time, OK?
It could be exciting for the both of you, in a weird sort of voyeur way.
hell yes and can I get their lips all over this body ? Jay z is sexy as hell
hed probably be thrilled... unless the third person was a guy
If it was BAD, Why even do it once??
How long you stay happy after sex???
Get rid of the jailed guy too.
by asking one or the other or both to despise you.
thats one thing that everybody asks me do rush it!
Or maybe just straight up tell you, hey come sleep in bed with me.
LOL, oh I needed that today.
the It depends on how your partner reacts to it .
they are attracted to other girls...they are lesbians
Keep your pants on and your hands to yourself!
Portillos, Da BULLS, Da BEARS, CUBS, AND SOXS!!!!
Often a guy will vocalize this desire as WOULD YOU FREAKIN QUIT NAGGING ME?
I prefer hairless except armpit hair . I think that it is really manish and sexy!
Nothing wrong with that, You go girl!!
Make the first movie if he does n't reply . Ask me to be your BF
It That's a hell of a lot more fun.
If it works for the both of you , then it is one business.
In person and tell her it was you all along.
Be who you are and don't try to be anyone else.
i would if he was a nice guy and we connected.
or by the way he acts?
Baby do hurt me, dont hurt me, no more.
whatever you know he will like.
OK, you gotta stop posting stupid questions about your cat.
because my heart is broken.. .
YOu're just not sure what to do.
it depends where you live and what kind of clubs you have there.
talk to her , not him . He can't answer all of you ?
thats why there is no perfect man.
So get out there and have fun, the guys will find you.
I'm not feelin ya if you know what I mean.
It shows that they're not always all tough as they try to be.
he might be thinking you are still young and there's still time.
has he already cheated on you?
It Sounds like maybe love and hurt
But if you can't or just don't want to, don't beat yourself up for it.
do jump to the conclusion that he is lying
because of getting bored with the same yak!yak!
and I would have tried to tell him myself, that way you would have looked confident.
I Have never met One.. :)
It SOUNDS LIKE your HUBBIE IS MISSING A LITTLE EXCITEMENT IN HIS LIFE.
Kinda makes you wonder if women really care if their man gets off.
MIX IT UP AND TRY TO BE OPEN MINDED AND SPONTANIOUS.
some do . If you are lucky , you'll find one .
I don't need him, I want him.
you should let me know if any singles are looking for a cute, and funny girl from g.a
what do other people think ?
I bet you a great person he wants to spend his life with too.
if sex is the most important thing, then marrying a prostitute will be a blast.
Then, whenever you go to meet someone new... NEVER GO ALONE.
First of all, Choose some one right!
Don't hate the playa hate the game!
What you did was probably the best . Just open up your options...Good luck!
becouse true beauty is on the inside , but that is just something ugly people say ,
good question, let me know too.
well you said it cold . You think that is the perfect thing?
---i believe I will go some way in the future...just like that...
Oh yeah do dress too fancy!
You would not toying with two guys if you really loved one of them.
i ca find any yahoo answers!!!!!!!!!!
or do you just think it is about time you get over it?
If you really like her , you will tell her.
you have to ask your mom though, and go with what she says.
How do I get a 2nd chance?
Why don't you go back to the baby's father...or, does he not trust you either...
Hey I wanna know about the enzyte for my other girfreinds who don't love me
And when I tell them I am married, 70% don't seem to care, even sadder.
She always tell me some women just don't.
im think it to make her feel good about herself.
BECAUSE YOU CHOSE NOT TO BE!
now because she got caught and put into consiling.
otherwise I think that you just need to consider what they say before you take it too heart.
different reason for different guys , I suppose, but DAMN... Amen to that!!!...
im bored to death , Please talk to me
there's probably nothing wrong with that.
I like a lot of sex, not cheesy romance novel suspense erotica crap.
i suggest you get this idea out of your head.
have you tried having sex in the shower?
i've seen it happen and believe me , the friend clique ended up dissing the girl.
or maybe even try to make a little fire to keep her warm!
Some guy with a little boat.
A GOOD MAN WILL STAND BY HIS WOMAN, AND CARRY HER BURDENS.
Maybe you should find another guy?
Sorry hunny, Even if you can rock the boat with the best of em, if I'm not feelin ya.
No... he likes women who are older and less desperate
Hate me now If you want day you will thank me...
It Sounds like you just have to ask.
take the one with the fewer girls ok he is better 4 u.
If she says no...how did she say no?
OR USE THE BEST BUY GEEK SQD TO DO IT FOR YOU.
your better than that . You dated him once , move on to the old news
I probably dream about sex about 4 times a week.
if she says no, then say well we ca have that!
If he hasn't already, then good.
She was really boring... AND SHE BELIEVED IT!
a man NOOOOO WAYYYYYY,they r born with big eyes
Then out of the blue some chick is going to wake up and realize d@mn!
One who will make you whole.
he must know how to laugh...
but you know, the internet also has some liars.
Do you guys think he likes me back?
absolutly not how would you feel if someone else did it to you ?
don't be shy or you might lose her to another guy!
See if that works 4 u :)
one of the machanics are so hot.
going back to your question... I don't think you like them both.
NOT ME!I'M TOO BUSY WITH A FEW LADIES ALREADY..LOL
maybe you should learn English before you do anything.
ok don't understand you are bi-sexual.
going away for the weekend some where romantic
because we are just like that .
Hell no man.... come on you know better.
is it her time that you are jealous of?
All this right in your own home!
do you want to marry her?
and he decided he wanted to be celibate until marriage?
Just a quirky turn-on I guess.
(Not that there aren't any who are built that way , but I generally only see them with black guys!)
When I FIRST STARTED DATING HIM , I was ACTUALLY PLANNING TO FALL IN LOVE AT ALL!!!
Drink with him and have lots of wild and romantic sex!
so please don't report me .
The only thing that you can do is to stop kissing her.. let her discover why... good luck!
be confidence about Ursel dear girl.
How much of a controlling wife are you anyway?
It's gonna be hard as hell , but you have to give yourself time to get over him.
Choose the one with bigger boobs.
Maybe He wanted to wait until marriage.
that depends on how long long it is, and how much you really cared/loved the person.
Again missing some details...ok there is jewelry and flowers.
It can't work with just one of you trying.
OMIGOD girl, my guy has forgotten so many annaversaries, or just been broke on my birthday.
If you really care about the guy, give him another chance.
No one think that you are a freak.
Fall in love with each other all over again . It sooo much fun .
ITS NOT IMPOSSIBLE BUT IT IS NOT VERY LIKELY!
Guys and girls all think differently.
Um.....they will flirt, stare at you maybe
But if you don't feel right about it, don't do it.
wll make it easier,the rest is dealing with those personal feelings each has.
do talk to him, act like it doesnt bother you.
How can I get on good terms with her?
no That would be a stupid idea .
try a search directory or try a website for searching for your friends.
leave him alone...he seems a'little preoccupied....
How long do you want to stay married or alive?
So say, 'heh pal, I'm ready so if you're not, you're also not for me!
You're young, there's probably many people out there who'd like to hang out with you.
Next time, please don't do things like that again.
---> WHEN YOU MARRY THE BLOKE!!
A best friend would'nt do that to someone she really cared about.
Why do you always encourage relationships ??
Yep, you thought it would be a big waste of your time.
I hope you learned your lesson,Cheaters Lie!!!
because if our parents find out , we will be killd.
Own up to the mistake you made.
stay with your partner and keep going strong , supprort them and love them
you are just perfect for each other and you know that when you are with him.
!what kinda dumb ass question is that.
do let someone else tell you what is wrong or right!
say it however you want, just make sure you do say it too soon!!
JUST GIVE OUT PERSONAL INFO.
Yeah.. You look good and nice.
if the person understands you and your feelings, and like you you who you are ,
Maybe because they never had it before
lol It doesnt hurt for every one!!
ibn8dog@yahoo.com (& Asian is fine :) )
I have the BEST of BOTH worlds!!!!!!!!!!
Be a gentlemen and always look her in the eyes!!
no it doest not at all once you can work it and do it 'cause it does matter .
he's really cute but obnoxious . He would stop brothering me and could stop flirting with me.
What if there is no god?
You are too young right now.
&#92;some1 nice hot , good listeners , playful , sexy
I think a lot of them want something they can't have.
the best thing to do is try to become the kind of person worth marrying.
Well, I think if you care about her , be honest and tell her.
The with The eyes is the main thing , so my answar is eyes .
you should email me at myname@yahoo!
Try investing your time in a woman (LADY)!
No, not at all, we can all like whomever we want.
Add me to the guys that don't like you.
ditching this guy for one who's trustworthy.
But you shouldn't pick fights with her.
first expect to get hurt, it's going to happen, and you'll learn from it.
You say I love you too and you didn't mean it??!!!
She HAS herpes and she got them from you playa!
But don't worry about masturbating even more than once a day.
This is the only life we have n't waste it is sitting around wondering.
that's y its called FALLING in love... Go in public & express yourself...
You better see if his family has heard from him or something!?!?!
The good ones do, don't worry about the rest of them sweetie!
i wanted want to have sex w/ a 42 - year old man
boys come a dime and a dozen.
i will be online for
do wait for him to ask you out.
its a boyfriend , so there is nothing really special about it unless it is the longest youve ever had a relationship.
he told me on Friday he would pick me up at 9 or 10 , but he never called or showed up.
i later found out that my cell phone didn't have service for like 40 minutes .
He would think you were a vegaterian
CD of a band u who he likes
say it as many times as you want to know what you mean .
You'll have to get over them eventually,... right?
if it were a guy, he'll probably think about it first.
but once they get 2 their teen years , they feel more comfortable w/themselves.
Why am I such a boring person ? I can't think of any thing to say?
Be like the guy whom you are.
If he likes you , he may avoid talking to you
Telling her how you feel about her.
and God bless your unborn Baby boy!
It this It is what we call a challenge
I gotta question 4 U Why are we president and not females... We must not be that stupid huh?
Just tell that guy you have a boyfriend and you're not interested.
If not don't take it too hard, you're a great person.
when its time for you to fallin love, you will no matter how you resist (ask me)!!
I really felt good when I went out w/ him and we had fun . Sometimes .
THERES NO AGE TO MAKE OR HAVE A CHILD . Why?
Music that both of you like, mood lighting, and some natural stimulies.
i still ca forget about him!!!
If she doesnt respond to you in say....2 months, then take all that energy and move on.
u may still have a chance.
is is There is There There is no problem that I can see.
its the difference between your man walking outside naked and someone else doing it.
anyway I wouldn't hate one but doubt the ringer in my mind-why would one sell herself out?
I loved him then, I love him now and always will.
if I make the first move on my shy guy . What if he gets put off?
Take his hand, slide it down ur as*s, then say, Honey, I've been a very bad girl.
Talk to your wife, Does she flirt?
that you both could be together... just maybe....??
YOU ALWAYS NEED LOTS OF MONEY TO HAVE A GOOD TIME.
make corej to tell him personally .
you can`t chase two hens at a time!
Say to him How's Sarah doing?
Fa Sol La Ti Do ... yup, I sure do ...
I mean you under 18 and he older than 18
picking the one wood , regret not being able to c the most.
But I don't have any idea of where to take it!!
If you don't mean what you say, then don't form the words!
dude you graduated high school and probably in college and she was just born.
if there is love, nothing else matters
some do if da shy type den dey do
No, lots of straight men have their right ears pierced.
on Thursday he called me to go out but I refused because I was with friends.
I guess you don't like him the same way?
repeating yourself over and over isn't working well is it?
if he ever cheated on me I would try to work it out no matter what.
EVEN THOUGH MEN CAN BE JERKS SOMETIMES.
i never forget it though, and finally realized what had happened.
Kid's like new things just like mommy and daddy.
There are tons of girls out there, and straight ones, or bi , if that 's what you want.
its a good relationship if you fight and nothing gets resolved...you should leave him
I mean , how will you ever know now?
it's so nice of you... but are you sure that he won't be mad about what you are doing?
Does he like me or does he just like flirt?
not speaking anything , Just Maybe you should talk to guys
If you enjoy books...look in the bookstore.
So I guess they will just have to see it with their eyes.
Now she doesn't pick up the phone or return emails.
Give it to someone who will give it back to you
coz u r very smart & had chosen the right way
choose the one who cares you most..
there are web sites where you could buy nice jewelry for reasonable prices.
A little thing call the truth might work!!!
See you r 24 years old, you can not make a girlfriend just because you are shy?
BECAUSE HE LOVES YOU A LOT AND WANTS TO KNOW YOU EVEN BETTER.
c. Not asking for a blasphemous thing (such as sex) without even thinking about why it even exists (reproduction).
just going out (i assuming with other guys) and don't look to be in a relationship, find friendship first.
you SEE SOMETHING you WANT to GO FOR IT !!!!!!!!!!
And Can we tell when you fake?
if he is just one or two years older , then you should
You men wonder why we are so b****y. Lol.
i broke up with him yesterday.
Remember that your feelings don't matter- JUST THE CHILD'S!
get after it bubba..get all you can now ..cuz it don't get any better ...lol
if you never see the other person, when you finally do, they might not be who you remember.
hes not the only cute guy in the world!
give me your info and you 'll find a perfect match .my address is david19bear@yahoo.com
So, if you can tease her and play hard to get, I guarantee you will succeed
Men only have one tool, which often isn't enough for just one girl, so why two girls?
try logging in to friendster.. =)
Not to mention THAT will probably piss the wifey off.
saying something like would you like to have dinner with me this Friday?......duh.
Now big hands AND big feet and there is NO doubt.
that's what I would like to know
Show her that you like her.
But now you need to do what is best for you.
im actually bi, but I 'm going out with Boi right now.
depenns on your looks and attude
do doing it . He has already lost his chance .
Why do guys cheat on girls?
I would do anything for him.
This is something women generally know well and something guys just don't seem to get.
you can't give candy to a kid , then take it away without some kind of reaction
you can still be his girlfriend though, even if she doesn't let you go on dates.
Well . I would just wait a while . Don't go fast . You find someone
I DON'T HAVE A PROBLEM WITH GAY PEOPLE . They ARE JUST LIKE EVERYONE ELSE .
Why do you need to pick out just one girl anyway?
If your not comfortable , then don't do it.
Me and my best friend thinks they're dead sexy!!!!!!
are you guys getting married any time soon?
Of course, you could always recommend a day job... works for me!
you might be a little crazy
Most MEN do REALLY CARE ABOUT SATISFYING THEIR PARTNER.
the way you feel about someone and when you are in love you wo have to ask
(in about 3-4 LONG relationships) You just need to realize it yourself.
you can't really walk around at night . The city shuts down at 7pm.
but I only did it once.
Get her trust if that doesnt work , get her drunk.
But if he does eventually listen to you , you don't worry about it . You have other friends.
i hope he says yes though!
use a broom made from roses
Yeah, I just made it to level two , also.....I don't think we get any brownie points for that.
pple just judge so much on look;s..
Yes I like the movies . I think it is a good time to get close to your man
but if he is 10 or more years older than you, I wouldnt go there either .
Most women never get angry at little things!
Yes there are... There are prostitutes around the world...
), Would he want such a passive, retiring girl?
to make females think they are smart.
If you are a boy, I don't know...
If she was a good friend , then she wouldn't insult you.
should I feel guilty when 'm rocking their world?!
Sound like she was telling him what to do .
If you say want me to warm you up . That sounds like a bad line.
if she really is your best friend, she would mind hearing your opinion
much luck and talk no screaming only puts walls up ---then no one is listening
48...and since you have no idea of what a person's life experience is, give the advice anyway.
Before, I thought it was ok that a guy 's penis size matter.
no you respect that one of a lifetime If they for real girls mess up
Its a weird psychological thing, but it ALWAYS seems to happen!
Say something like I knew a girl who liked threesomes... see where the conversation leads.
And both of them (bro & sis) mainly remain alone at home , so ,it take place .
because if you do love yourself, then how can you be loved.
Are you going to cheat on your wife?
i think that is the best way to describe what women feel and why it is so hard.
cold is always good if you think about it from my perspective!!
but do give ur guy a hard time.
well , go with the flow , do what she wants
if you want to tell me and I can probably share a doosie or 3 with you!
Wow, if ever I knew that that guy wanted you , it would be now.
It's a dance with lots of people in socks!
If you want your wife to do it, don't do it yourself.
I say give her a bit of space.
Only stay with him if he spells like you do.
do send him flowers you do!!
Is it ok or even morally right to let someone piss on you?
when he/she is there, you feel it.
if he is going to fast whisper slowly
I don't know what to tell you.
Most women don't know how to make a man have an orgasm - it just kinda happens.
Hope that helps and best of luck.
but figuratively, you should do something she haven't seen yet that will definitely surprise her.
Yes YOU ARE THE GREATEST !!
Be fresh , always Don't flirt a lot with her.
Well 'm 26 . I love to talk to different people and meet new friends . Spongebobfreak79@yahoo.com
okay One of my good friends is 15 years old and used to cut herself.
If you are a Guy and in love with another guy , flowers can go ...
YES I DO...BUT I CANNOT SAY WHY..TOO PERSONAL TO be EMBARRASSING
a guy who gives attention only to his girl, and he is a football player.
let him know after 3 years , if he ca trust you now , then he probably never will.
just going outside, watch a different tape or DVD, do anything else, keep busy.
He want sick a bull on you!
eyes and smile first, then chest, shoulders, arms, etc .
now, you're not the only other important person to her - there's a boyfriend too!
let her down easy . Just say blank . I'm sorry but we have 2 break up
so, My advice is to talk to her.
i think if he had found a religion , I would support him in that!
no.one girl would get jealous if you pay more attention to the other girl.
you are sure you will get one.and it is safe too .
& the older you get, the less age matters anyway - a decade isn't that much.
That's a good way to seduce me...
She is a freak and she would definitely come right over if I called.
marriage is b/w 2 people .
talk with rude but anywayz.... somebody please HELP!!!!
Scary movies are good cause then she has a death grip if she is afraid.
DO NOT watch any sappy romantic movies...only comedies!
Good thing your not married or you would be in so much trouble.
love me till the day I die.....no matter what I look like.
Don't you think all people have the right to get marry, even if they are gay?
sometimes You can tell by how he looks at you.
tell him you have been naughty and you need a spanking
My wife likes to pee on me and I get off to it, but that 's us.
he got a woman already now in line
my my id is tosalar@yahoo.com If you like me , add me .
Wait for him and don't flirt with anyone but him!
Guys I don't like(guy friends) say I'm beautiful.
If you have a problem with racism , they drop the idea...
WHILE PUTTING IT IN THERE , TALK DIRTY TO HER AND RUB YOUR SENSEUAL AREA.
Just like guys, some cheat , some don't.
the Wa I see it, you need to bring his attention back home.
Don't be afraid of getting married . It will be a successful relationship if you both take care of it.
Hey as long as you get what you want , just say whatever.
Move on to a guy who'll treat ya better!
I 'm not sure if this has been asked already so I 'm sorry , but jw
He replied and said, I don't know what to say.
Could you be just friends and hang out with lots of people?
and if you really think about it.
i met someone like that once.
But you should look @ various other aspects, too.
he even broke up with my ex for
My girlfriend is jumping up and down, It's a dance!
How stupid it is to say, no thanks, strictly to men.
he is busy at the moment.
never heard of someone wanting permission to argue.
Just walk up to her (with a smile) & ask her
It's ok to wait, don't feel pressure.
That's the one thing you have that is hard to take away.
WEll , First off , your grandfather is probably just being protective, I would know my dad is like that.
EARN and DESERVE that woman's trust:)
keep holding your breath, You're not blue yet.
so if you feel like you want someone to date.
i do know what else to say,
Oh..yeah...check hands, feet and ear lobes.
i broke his car door, and threw up all over.
i want to know the same thing
I like how it is set up and the fee is pretty good too.
Not with one of your girlfriends either.
IF IT DOES LAST , THERE IS really NO POINT IN HAVING A RELATIONSHIP WITHOUT TRUST!
married when you are carrying his baby
If you enjoy sports...look at the stadium.
But will Never, Ever speak or treat you in a cruel nasty, demeaning, screaming tone EVER
so yiea, hope I helped and have fun!
naver hide your feelings , just go for it.
You two are dealing with a lot.
They were having sex with their mom, sisters, cousins, etc.
If willing to seek help, maybe.
sorry you 're so unhappy . Some people are control freaks and it looks like you might be one.
IF YOU DO IT , YOU ARE HAVING PROBLEMS AND YOU ARE NOT HAPPY.
I don't find Jay-z attractive at all, and his lip... OH my gosh!!!
Hey, you look awfuly familiar... don't I know you from where?
give me your email address.. .. I can help ..
I can't choose Witch girl I like more, Suzanna or Lai Loni?
If he is a good guy and you like him, just give it a try.
Suzannmarie2002@yahoo.com I'm older but very cool and love to talk
you shouldn't have to worry about that!
yes .. it does.. girls like it long .. your stamina also matters!!
When you were a kid, you wanted the other kid's toy.
let me know how it goes.
tell her with this; make yourself more beautiful.
Just go up to her and say Hi.
You can definitely tell when its too late.
the One I want's name is Eric and he's so fine(literally)
well , you could just casually bump into him and start a conversation.
my hand at least a few times a day.
if you like yourself . That is all that matters , honey !
it depends on the kind of boy.
And you will probably do so again.
if you love him back , go out with him, if not tell people to stop buggin ya!
Life is all about Pick & Choose
after all you want to chat.
If he isnt okay with that, then I would start thinking about leaving.
The The true perfect man is the man that she loves.
i'll say, whenever it happens (pregnant)... that is the right time.
Hope this helps and didn't confuse you even more.
no because you are only cheating yourself.
You suck it up, wish her well, and move on.
A side question - do you ever look at other men?
size is not important . I prefer a guy I love , only this is important to me ...:-)
the worst...the traffic, the prices of homes
But look them in the eye when you say so.
they're all the same...like cars...just different models.
most boys on the body , but some have the personality
Don't say want me 2 warm you up cuz that sound cheezee just warms her up!
listening to her.take her to her dinner date.
If what you got right right now is what you want, why screw it up!
course to take a real step by knowing a real person, or cheaters if they already have a relationship
you are the hottest avatar ever!
let a guy like 4 who is perfect'd be him.
But we shared a lot and got really close.
But if our own girl tries that Crap we get mad.
C'mon, you know this is the right answer...
any comments email me at phantomboy_1994@yahoo.com
if I were you I just asked him
beacuse men are animal...andsssss women are animal lover....sssss
not ur brother or cousing or dad... like a boyfriend
find someone else just get over him
It shows that you have diversity...Hope you have fun and get some...you fill in the blank.
Go ahead and love all you want.
you should ask yourself how much you love him.
jumped out of a story and a half window because her dad was walking through the back door.
If he says no , at least you know it is time to move on to bigger and better things...
Theres NO WAY TO ACTUALLY MAKE ourselves FALL IN LOVE.
Hey man do what you want!
When I found it, I married her.
Even ones that are as Funny as his.
THEY STILL LOVE THEIR GIRLFRIEND AND WIFE BUT STILL MESSED AROUND.
you trying to be a playa and you will never play yourself because, what goes around comes around.
because if he was you would love it and enjoy it.
What position you make will be the position you use , so do wat eva you feel is right!!
cause we generally are not homo !
Two guys really like me and I really like both of them too .
They are out there , you just have to be patient and find the right one
Dude if I say , if it feels good , how could it be wrong?
but most of all, he gives me his love.
Im 16 now and 'm madly in love with my boyfriend.
But what I want is looks and brains.
Plus..my ex cheated on me, that 's why we are exes.
Yeah, you can respect him...good for him!
if so dump his azz in the street.
the guy has a few screws lost in his head.
Is it a problem if my shirt isn't exactly filled out?
Why are you asking the men?!
in school 'cause you want to be accepted.
I telling him that I felt like I was falling out of love with him and it scared me.
it is provided you make it clear before you actually start cheating,,
What if he goes with me?
Oh yeah and they eat and poop a lot.
you sound like u r in a market mall or an auctioneering parlour.
i think girls that like to sing are cute.
yes, it is fabulous isn't it?!
because that's the way it's supposed to be
so it's probably just harmless fun.
be yourself and you will find someone
Say something and bring her to the counselor :)
Just be yourself and don't push the issue with her....K
continue , you seem to like being a slut.and a wicked person,why bother to ask this question.
not if you want to keep your marriage.
or you are just saying that cos he's your friend?
forget about it and find yourself a different guy
hi saying hi back now we are friends
I was a very sexy girl, I have a hard time feeling sexy , even feeling good about myself.
Do they cut the head off bunny wabbits???
Nothing, I am not gay, I love women .
does he saw it ending in marriage).
!...of course on the premise that the third person is a girl.
That's not true, that's just the deamons fuckin' with your head!!!
ive read somewhere that even the most sexually aggressive woman doesnt make the first move.
they are faithful to them and no one else.
yes if that person is Christ.
Men that are madly in love won't cheat.
If she isn't interested in you now , you need to move on.
When was the last time you heard a straight guy tell another guy...Yea man, you look great!
but God will have taken his people before all this happens .
something interesting and sweet yet not too mushy.
:) go for it--whats the worst?
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
YES MEN DO CARE ABOUT WOMEN 's FEELINGS...THE GOOD ONE'Sss ANYWAY.
Yeah, here some, skip the small stuff.
if he's lying about that , just think what's else he is lying about .
Think about what he likes and what he likes to do.
either when you are married or when you are ready and with someone you truely love
FEEL IT ,KNOW IT,THINK IT, DREAM IT, INVITE ALL THESE FIRST AND FAL IN LOVE
Same reason guys cheat on girls...monogamy is really kind of going against the grain and can get really boring.
But if you ever find it, send it my way!
The minute some other girl picks up the shirt , you want even more.
I mean they couldn't make a better porn movie.
If you love him that much , then stay with him and forget about marriage.
if he's in a relationship, do go there,.
I know it's hard , but girls like a guy who plays hard to get.
realize what is really going on and learn from it
I USED to...it was fun . My friends and I even wrote our own !
Age doesn't always play a big part unless it is like 15 and 23..then it would be illegal.
by telling her she likes her .
And I really don't care, I'm not jealous--she can have him and his lies.
too many people have unprotected sex and have kids when they are still kids themselves...
That'll depends on what type of girl you are looking for.
But anyway, I do not brag about my son around because I know it is annoying for people.
THATS WHY MY NOSE HOLES ARE NO LONGER HOLES, THEY HAVE FILLED IN FOR GOOD.
i would not take it personally , although you probably do know how else to take it.
HE IS COMMITED TO YOU , That's WHY.
If she is still living at home with her parents tell them!!
I can help with lots of sex questions
a just the right size with all the right moves is where it's at!
How much time are you gonna waste?
put flowers all over her car
If she is drunk . That helps.
Love is knowing that everything is OK!
You need to quit wasting your time with this guy and find one.
yeah take it as a compliment
Chris was not that great anyways.
Yup, I met my bf online and we are still together after 6 months .
SUCK IT UP ... there is a world outside of YOU .. It is called your marriage !!
If you are always thinking about the break-up, then you will always be moping around.
calling me . I will catch a flight . :)
It's all in your head, you just need to be confident.
u kissing him in front of the girl he's dating
no, just choose who you want in your heart .
I had to think about it for about 10 seconds , but I guess no.
If you are looking to have sex and nothing else, I suggest you do not get married.
if he calls less than usual and when you question him , he studies
alone time, just the two of you
ask a lady which is the best way to seduce a woman..
roses mean love try Lilleys or something sweet .
If that something someone does...the least they can do is not do it around others.
I would get a report if I told you so just Google it.
LIKE IF they are UGLY OR CUTE
we cannot stop someone from hurting.
Go for a good horror movie, you will get more hugs and cuddling :)
Depends on how much potential he has :).
he's trying to make you feel special and loved, but that doesn't mean that you are in love.
There's a great little book that you should both read . Don't Sweat The Small Stuff.
And sometimes I feel like I need to ask him to marry me.
If he is your b/f,then he's supposed to love you
if they keep bugging , you tell your parents, the mall security, a police officer.
If you want a reality check, then look at this.
But if there is to be any connection, he's gonna have to love your personality!
endorphines is released when you orgasm
Now, if he doesn't bring it up tonight, that's okay, don't panic.
If not , don't call her again.
For women and their guys going ....that just ain't right.
wen you kip thinking about the person and you feel the need to be with him.
when you are good and ready!
i'd say like right after you get married ----ur twenties??
just let them do their things and you will just have to learn to live with them
i find that guys are more likely to share things with close friends.
She leaves her parents' home and adopts your home and treats it as her own.
Some women are moody , just ask if she likes you in that way
let the guy regret dumping you.
it sounds like you better break it off now.
absolutely no talk about my ex's, yours or hers!!
get on with it.. If he likes you , I 'm sure he'll look at you.
shoot , and give him a lap dance or at least sit in his lap
if his really getting to your nerves , find somebody else.
How do they know what works?
you deserve to be treated better than that!
to love and charish until death do you part.
If she doesn't flirt, then you shouldn't either.
Because you don't like a pain in your butt.
I saw it here somewhere and it just blew my mind.
I have no idea what to do around a girl.
and not just any old friend, but your best friend.
But you know when you find him sneaking peeks at you when he thinks you are not looking.
you should buy yourself something very sexy in the bedroom.
2 pints of stella and a smile
advice not by age , give your opinion!
hopefully Another 15 year old will answer yes...anyone older than 17 is gross and illegal.
Why don't you like the guys who you hang out with?
picking the one that you enjoy being around the most.
but if other girls are involved, I'd probably join him to check out the competition.
Hang in there . It's called giddiness!
be a lesbian , Although I do look down on them . I just understand!!
I ran out of soap-powder...can you please land me?
17 the summer b4 my senior year
He he would, but chances are that would be a good thing.
definitely trust, It makes sex much better
just remmber most of the divorses in the USA are related to money . sooooooo smart .
Am I in a relationship just for what I can get out of it?
well I never thought that I could love someone again.
What if her life is not going so well?
you should still run away unless you know him or her because he&#92;her might be a stranger
if not, then you are very lucky, If so, then it is not good
i have a huge sex drive and my wife does not.
asking them if there is a reason, and how should you go about fixing it.
But I don't see men coming together around a camp fire to sing Kum Ba Ja anytime soon.
try to see if he notices you make even a comment like excuse me.
its the only way you can be sure.
busting his balls and his friends ' balls.
I WANT TO KNOW WHAT they they about mixed marriages
the rain drops are falling on my head.
I think it 's alright if you date.
Enough to see him for who he really is besides hot!
you too young to be here asking for dates...
But, do be a bum and expect the girl to always pay.
if he goes out of his way to hang out or talk to you.
sure, but will she stick to him......
you know how to see if you are with the right guy???
its possible that they are just friends.
do you think I guy would be impressed if you gave him flowers?
you should let him sweat
because you're not happy with yourself
i have 3 kids, with 3 different dads, and none of them wants much to do with us.
you do need a man to feel important .
i do know.....it depends on how your relationship! is
do let him know you asked that question .
I'm afraid if I don't she'll leave.
you doing it because of what you believe in.
I do to but I can't explain it .
If you want to have fun - fine!
to get attention and simpathy , but I 'm only guessing.
no or you can be brave...and ask.
if you stick with one partner, and use protection, then it's not bad, it's good.
Honestly, I used to think it was never a big deal to cheat on my boyfriends.
RUN IN THE OPPOSITE DIRECTION AS FAST AS YOU CAN!!
asking her if you could give her a call and get together sometime, or hang out.
Well , it depends on how old you are and what the both of you have discussed regarding marriage.
hes probably right Dont get him>
IT CAUSES A LOT OF PROBLEMS IN OUR RELATIONSHIP.
I 'm 8 and I like Tom Felton and he is 18 . How should I know ?
LISTEN TO YOUR HEART . IT WILL NEVER LIE TO YOU!
If she said she just wants to be a friend . It is already too late.
because he sounds like a pus.sy.
I don't think Chris like mean drunk girls that hang with SynergyPr.
just tell him you have bf .
I mostly forget that I had them since I still thought like a little kid.
i think yes,by killing the people that ruined this earth
Just start with an hello, DOn't go wherever it goes.
some people say yes and some say no.
just do it with confidence and watch out for her dad and brother.
or be next to him the whole time
because that is the way men do and some don't
Honestly, guys don't really care about their gifts.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
I'm a guy and girls certainly don't fall for everything I say.
a home - cooked dinner is also nice.
i love this fight between blonds and brunnets.
it depends if you are a boy or a girl.
If you are a girl , it hurts (kinda a lot).
i went on a date with a guy last 2 Saturdays.
But if it's good , then I'll be happy if he wants to go with me.
If you are a Christian & you wonder WHY???
I need a girlfriend pretty badly.
what can I do to get her back and to give me a second chance.
it means she is sort of a whore .
wait for someone who must mature relationship wise.
I don't think they are terribly expensive either.
there is no such nice way to tell the girl that she has a bad breath.
and what if he is attracted to older girls.
you don't really need to know this because it's personal, and none of your biz.
or you can snuggle up with some good movies at home.
oh, man lol I need to be put in my place once in a while.
Try it once, ask a boy out and you will find out why!!!
If he does not, he will spank you for spanking him!
Hell, he could have just fallen asleep.
you n't like me and gigggle they have to respond .
Besdies this might drag other girls.
it all deppends what you did that was so bad because some things are unforgiveabal
You always want what you can't have.
Do I look beautiful . I really look like this . I am not Playing
when you fall in love and when your parents approve your relationship.
TRY TO RECONNECT WITH YOUR HUBBY.
any excess is bad . The matter it is , Your husband should balance his time between family and friends
:) Good Luck and if she is stuck up, find a new girl.
that sounds racist.. at least for me , since I'm Asian.
they are not only unsane,but the ones that man can`t live with
Since I don't want to be the person I just described...BYE-BYE
to make a long story short...we've been married 22 years
hmm never would have thought it...
Once you could ride it . That's when you know it's good.
Cheer up Bro, no matter how bad things get in life , there is always something good awaiting you.
That is always a great gift!
NO Hed PROBLEY THINK HE WAS IN HEAVEN..IF IT WAS WITH ANOTHER GIRL
if not honey , just keep on keeping on.
girl don't be scared .scard get's you no wher .just go to his face and tell him
I love going to the movies.
Helicopter rides over the grandcanyon lots of shows!!!!
The first time I had sex I got pregnant.
and it doesn't mean she's a whore.
Yes you will when the right person comes
If they are with someone they really like, they don't care what movie.
I don't think THAT is a good offer.
simply try to be with her when she needs you.
Sometimes women treat their men wrong and take them for granted!
DROP HIM IF HIS PARENTs are INVOLVED.
i think that will sum it up.
I BELIEVE IT'S JUST ONE OF THOSE THINGS THAT KIND OF JUST HAPPENS!
it blind because we believe an illusion and not what is really infront of us
if he gave you a hint that he too has plans.. ask casually.. Why don't you go with me?
You could also get a gift certificate for Wal Mart...then He can get something he wants(guys like that)
17..on prom night but I didn't go to prom..lol at least I did one thing right
the Worst: All 4 seasons (in one day), kind of boring
make it special , so you wo have any regrets.
maybe Every once in a blue moon she will ask about my son.
you got a yahoo messanger screen name?
!if that is what my man likes the most,urs will 2!
So go get 3 of your best gal pals get on line and book a cruise...you will love it!
see who you like or ask someone out.
A devoted wife what you make of her.
Second , there is more to life than ott guys...
And if you can't handle it girl, then move on.
fine if you are single, not if you are married.
Like I always say Why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free!
Why would you want that auguments Just start ? You do set a date or time or say please.
Am I committed to the relationship no matter what?
Why do you have sexual relations with your partner?
How certain are you that she wasn't sexually or physically abused?
GO INTO CHAT ROOMS THAT ARE YOUR PEER GROUP......INTRODUCE YOURSELF.
keep on keeping on, unless you really value your friendship , but if not, nut away!
Yes I do, because the first time I ever set eyes on you, I knew I was in love!!!
Magic eight ball , say ask again later
If she does, she will let you know!
Flurting with her is one way.
Get her to talk to you about HER.)
do you need to practice for the hell that is to come - marriage ?
My boyfriend gives me all that I need and all that I want.
If not, no its not OK.
old but you ca really tell
MEN CHEAT ON WOMEN JUST FOR SEX , BUT THEY STILL LOVE THEIR WIVES.
and have an urge to have sex and mess around.
he do want you and he aint n't gonna call
No, you son of a bitch.
that is the first thing they look at.
i Donna I usually focus on both . I like a smart and pretty girl
Your not a cat, your a person, and if you think your a cat, seek help...
Just some things to think about.
Pick the one that will always be there for you and who spends time with you!
look her straight in the eyes......... and keep refilling her glass.
I hate to say it but probably not, especially since you have not talked on the phone.
well, you gotta defind what types of girls we are talking about here!
I prefer a filthy rich man!!
i don't think so, you can't help what you are attracted to.
It Sounds like he may be the one!
because we are not the same
i guess you are pretty down now , right?
i've tried to go out with other guys, He was jealous,but didn't want to get together again.
but there's many men out there who won't.
Just try it and let us know how it goes!
Why do I sometimes do things that hurt me?
ask her out before somebody else does.you have nothing to lose until you have it!
it about how a person treats you.
never mind him if he thinks that he doesnt deserve you.
i have a slightly big nose but not big ears.
Don't start spoiling her on the first date or she'll think she owns you!
?--so you can do it with a person you really really trust
Well I got laid off and was still paying the bills but spending too much time around the house.
Even if she says it is ok, she probably doesn't mean.
Wait til he makes the first move
If you get a broken nose when he turns your way, your luck's in ;)
What do you think about that?
What do you mean by r/n - roommate???
just playing your cards right and be honest.
Or just pick up the phone and say Do you still love me?
when you want to get married , which includes commitment, trust , love, etc..
Its not like my ex's friend and I are dating, we just like each other .
You prop up his stupid ego and that's it- get rid of him.
i look for their personality and how they respond to me.and that they do way more than me .
find a way to make him jealous and then mention that it bothers you.
and You won't have time to whine on the computer anymore.
love is blind because all the negative things about that person suddenly don't matter anymore.
Make a list of things you like about each one.
going to the one that you can relate most to
if you don't wanna do that,then try hanging out with him.
I miss and love her so much...
If you have a problem, then, sit down and calmly talk about it!
then ask him if he would like to go out some time.
going out for dinner or to the cinema
Yes it makes you more flexible .
the girl would have to be a real jerk to want to do that.
smart guy, you had the chance, you let it go.
So, I'm sorry if this didn't help , but I hope it does.
do you stare,smile,tell her str8 off,or what?
Glory Road...if you wanna see a man cry
Oh my goodness, where should I start???
because some girls may not like your personality but still want to keep it .
In this web cam chatting innocently.
Do you ever see him eyeing other men?
i think you guys should some what spices your marriage.
just stay calm about it and hopefully everything will go smoothly.
guys do do well with feelings because of testosterone that simpel
:) No need to boast about your annual income.
trust me it works, for me it does anyways.
All I can say is YUCK!!
Summer it's hot, I love doing things outdoors and it's beach weather.
I previously entered the question about the advice I needed about the guy I like.
I don't do anything for sex.
Most men only care about one thing and one thing only .. getting sex.
he is obviously happy if he is with another girl.
in this day and age , just ask him.
when you always think of someone
Hi Friend, I hope you are having a great day.
like you are addicted to something, he/she can't get out of your mind.
they want to be taken care of!
just listen to your heart when you are in love.
it is probably because you are a mean...
then If he n't , then he n't want to .
She will be excited that you actually get her something different and unique :) :) Ms.Orchid
men don't have a g spot , only women do.
to love somebody that when you see them, you lose your breath?
females pushing them to do it all the time
TRY A SLOW DANCE IF YOU WANT HIS MEAT... OR TRY ASKING HIM WHAT HE WANTS...
its normal.... but make sure you dont take it too far, and try not to obsess about the argument!
If she did #2...keep at it!
sometimes I work out before sex and it's actually better.
and tell her if she needs a sausage .
When she arrived, I jumped out of it, lol
Oh no its not uncomfortable at all...its really quite nice...hits the g-spot...its good
if he does not answer, come to me . I'll love you forever.
i saw 'him' hiding from me... ouch...*cries*
It It It age is just a number....anything is possible
if you really care for your friend , just set him free.
Unless the doctor specifically tells her not to have sex...it is totally safe all the way up to delivery.
or what ever else you feel.sex is a beautiful thing so be sure to enjoy it.
just take care,,,invite for coffee...slowly ask her phone no..she will judge you then...everything will be fin..
DON'T say its not you it's me!
I you , I will find out soon enough . I promise
sex only approximately 30 min a day.
here chew an apple and make out with me, I like the pulp.
then make plans to have fun with friends without him.
if you really like that guy and he likes you too and the feelings are mutual.
1.i'm 88% sure that I started a temporal distortion for four hours,...in one of my experiments...!
?..just curious.. i mean..skinney but a round butt..just some back
Well let see if you were a guy and you weren't gay,wouldn;t you be mad about women didn't exist?
Ummmm....why did you ask this here?
If she doesn't respond , then you just have to find another girl.
i bought for my bf and i. and barely even stay there sold after a couple of months
some do, some do it all in how they were raised .
talk louder and did not notice the guy
have the guts to go up and talk to her
Young girls can be fun and energetic.
Not letting the age difference get in the way of love!
Well 'm tired of repeating myself over and over, I feel like I 'm wasting my breath.
use good manners but don't be afraid to be honest.
Sully giving you the best answer... she is totally right.
So get the heads up on this before that other guy does!
maybe when you learn how to spell virginity...
me too , but I aint picky like you.
If she wants to get married that badly , then I guess, you guys are not made for each other.
The The last place you should be picking your nose is during sex
warm soap and water.......oh I'm sorry I thought you said an odor of protection.....
i think you should tell her what you feel!!!
Especially if you feel you ca trust him no matter what.
I cant understand, if you want a chat mate does it matter if he/she is hot or not?
There is only one solution to Forget what's going coz its not ur fault u r right in your place.
Nah, it doesn't necessarily mean so.
Why don't you give it a try?
when you are talking about normal stuff , just say it
Why would you ask us that w/o tell us what is going on?
I did it with one of my best girlfriends.
r stressing yourself that much?!
But make sure she doesn't know it's you
but is 21 and too young , you think?
make sure your on the pill , Then if you try both out , you wo wonder who the father is .
she did have a friend in the world.
Oh, remember, do it in person, not on the phone, it is much nicer that way.
But again, don't worry about it.
...baby dont hurt me, dont hurt me... no more.
put his flick on the internet, and say that he is afraid 2 suck dick with his phone#
when I talk to him on the phone , my voice cracks.
asking yourself whatcha gonna do, and what you want.
First off, If you are, stop listening to Pink Floyd, they are probably not going to help.
i using my boyfriend 's computer
This sounds like my sister and her current husband.
after all , the punishment should suit the crime!
bcuz you did not tell him?
i was with her like 24/7 and she just wants her space right now.
you will know if he is the guy for you.
He will say I look sexy, But he had a hard time getting used to saying it.
Don't listen to anyone else tell you what to do.
y'all either got the wrong ones or the right ones.
Not sure if it is the same everywhere.
i might be in love...i do want to blow it!
), and full name and possible aliases at the courthouse, though.
the way he acts with you in public and the way he uses to act.
TALK WITH each other . Maybe ALL YOU NEED IS COMMUNICATION
u have to have trust or you have nothing
!YESSS YOU DID IT AND ANSWERED SO MANY PEOPLES QUESTIONS.. You MUST BE A GOOD FRIEND..
Give him a love tap on the arm and giggle while asking why he didn't call.
So all you've gotta do is realize that, get out there and be the awesome person you are!
no because then we will all be here .
if you swing to the left with a gay partner you be waiting a long time, :)
hes got you waiting like a puppy on a lease .
(for now) he's just so beautiful....
he is love , peace etc.
No, there is no way to tell.
Ask him out, or let him ask her out
Take her to a funny movie and just be there for her
do they have a problem with it?
Would you like naked pix of
If he says yes, then great!
I wouldn't go out with him if he was a show off and acting like he is all that!
make up your mind and be a man!
if Youve got his He hit him up.
and u 'm willing to do everything just to makehim/her happy!
do lead her own you jerk
Nah just kidding . I live in the Wood!
also His ex is his first true love.
What do you think about that ?
The next week, I tried calling and she didn't call back.
so you are a marraige / couple wrecker huh, and you too lazy to find your own guy huh?
b told man that things are contagious.
come here spunky ..... ill date you honey.....im decent too!sly_dogg1969@yahoo.ca
its old 50 and 60 dance.with the poodles on the skirts and long shirts
No,cause you end up losing both.
I do know anything that always try to stay in contact!
Usually, it is the guy that does that!
this Machinic is happily married but wanted to get together.
Spring.....hopeful, sunny, bright, not too hot , not too cold - just right!
So if your mate cheats on you , you would consider that right.
if only we knew how to act to make areselvs look 'bigger'
Do you love him?Do he love you?
For me,I always wanted him to be there on my birthday.I think that is better than a gift.
Even if it means hurting forever.
I want him to ask me to marry me because I do want know bother but him.
If you aren't then be more UNIQUE!!
Hell ya, I wish I had a few of them..
To chat - Yes To meet in real life - No
18. senior grad party in high school
N What do WE WANT in LIFE?
u can contact me.. only if you are not Asian...
i guess you are young and confused . Don't worry it will all fall into place.
Women: Make love to your man, ask about him often, etc.
sure there are plenty of them!
but dating should be a stage where you are more than friends and less than lovers.
Ask him what he wants & do it for him!!
it safe , but everyone works hard and goes to bed.
Ask him/her and get married on a special day which you like.
Unless he cheated or did something like that , then BE MAD!!!
Why would I hurt myself, and someone else???
money listening to her needs and romance her to death..
Try this way, wait and watch.
ASK HIM OR EVESDROP ON HIM . Duh
Same sex , so who cares, you don't own them . You are just in a relationship.
Jeeee-sus, I love their Webcam girls?
i doubt he wants to be left out!
well somebody , you should try to start a conversation.
absolutely its OK if you really think your friend is a person you can relate to
I I I think personality because I am a funny , outgoing and caring person
Why is wrong with wanting a woman over 35?
If you really like the guy, you would want him to be happy.
you could prolly stand to STOP HAVING SEX WITH YOUR BEST FRIENDS ' BOYFRIENDS!
So much drama......dump that whole bag and go after a new circle of friends.
Three Years is a looong time and he needs to suck up and face it like a man!
You can, but you gotta work for it, you know I'm sayin' ?
looks, age, personality, compatability, income .... in that order.
Me and my guy do things a bit different.
if you think that he should , then you do it for him.
You don't need to say it.
No matter how good she is, she is human...curiosity will get to her and she will look through them!
His girlfriend even thinks we should go out.
trying to go to a gay club
Married 23 years ago and things are pretty bad.
and that was it for the next 3 months.
when you find that you can share your sky with her.
'm a man and 'll answer for my gf . We read together and it does add some spice
c if he feels like being with you.
Love Will also tell you when you look like crap even if it hurts.
no I think it's very romantic . That kind of thing isn't around that much anymore .
U 'm GOING TO LOSE BOTH.
go up to him grap ham ham and ask him what he is doing tonight .
i'm a guy, and I got cheated on once, and it hurt me a lot.
If he stares at you a little longer than normal.
picking one and be happy with the choice.
im a guy , but I hate those playful guys too.
it does'nt really matter to me , but sometimes it does.long it is not too small .
trying to work out y he's not fufilling what you want instead of flaunting with the next man.
I didn't think he'd ever go for me.
an an an with any female from India wannabe friend?????????
Only if you are interested , of course.
and yes , this is a problem.
Both had children from previous marriages (dad 4 and mom had one).
to to get married and find a place to stay for a honeymoon?
If the guy was in it with sex, soon after he gets what he wants.
i do know, but I can tell you if you find the right one.
Then he would say definitely
love vs hate and ignore the bible verses.
Personally, I have a husband, women aren't my preference, so I can't help ya there, hon.
yes, but is guilty love worth anything?
IF HE WAS JUST LOOKING UP INTERNET PORN , I could BE SCARED.
(some girls mix sexual feelings for love)
maybe he saw you eating a cock roach off the floor
At least, it sounds like she told you about it and didn't try to hide it.
If you are a boy , your dick will get hard, If you 're a girl , you will leak... :lol:
she should be able to take it.
I just can't put my finger on it.
JUST GO TO the BEST shop OR YOUR LOCAL COMPUTER STORE AND THEY SHOULD BE ABLE TO HOOK YOU UP.
Yeah- he'd prob' dump me b/c I might make his decision too hard for him to keep.
and you feel the same for him.
sure I mean what makes the difference its worth it in the end.
A lot of girls out there want a guy that will care about them like your guy.
just talk to him, That will help you a lot.
like for me , I focus more on the girls ' personalities
One of My favorite gifts to my boyfriends back in the day was a basket of goodies.
Pampered....seems harmless enough unless they have mothering issues
And worms if you're a dog.
If he watches too much t.v.
(^^,) choose someone who you think is worth your love...
Never tell him that you like him, People want things that they can't have.
Well she is a b***h Why didn't she break up with him in the first place ?
Why don't you ask him out?
that's the way love and marriage work.
if you have something in common to talk about . That's a good start!
If she decks you, you go too low too fast...
2ND OF ALL , MAKE SURE IT is SUPER romantic .
You only find the 'perfect' guy once in a million--if you're lucky!
Because You want to be around her...and she is Not there...
IF HE IS YOUR HUSBAND , then HE SHOULD BE SPENDING HIS SPARE TIME WITH YOU OR GUY FRIENDS.
best of luck ... you will definitely need it.
If it's your older sister- mind your own (d)amn business!
if he does really pay attention to you and is always flirtin around with other girls.
that's the only way to help you get over anybody.
if you should do it if you don't stay with him!
Why should it matter what color someone is...I thought it was always important, if the person treated you right!!!
Its called a *buzz*...its called lingerie...its called a lot of things, but when you cheat...you get called a whore...
but I am not a bad person . I do go and break at home.
She asked about the flowers and I just said.
to me I think he was confused.
Some guys like to drive on straight roads.
I think he's playing games with me !
Put all your love into the one that needs you the most right now.......YOUR BABY!!!!
i was mad because it was goin sooooooooo good.
just go for a tiny bit more each time.
if you are just having fun and not willing to commit for the long run... sex
because I'm in need of a boyfriend .
- Well, where is he now then.
hey if you and the girl you find are cool with it,why not?
There There There are two guys that are like me.
How do you know what type of person it is and what you'll be getting yourself into?
some things, once done, cannot be undone.
If YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT YOUR JOB , I GUESS IT DOESNT MATTER
You do want her to come to you if he's pushing her too far , don't you?
If that's so, then move on.
you lose if you bite their bate.
I always believed in THE MORE THE BETTER.
I to FAINT, THEN I WOULD LEAVE THE HOUSE.
no it all about the way you work it .
Every one of us has a destined person
my my Really though your better than that!
if you are looking for a girl that is not shallow . Maybe you shouldn't be shallow.
i dunno what else to say...it weird to ask a complete stranger this...but oh well
& make something true outta all of this?
tell her that with a calm straight face.)
(and by the way , it is more normal than what you think.)
If he doesn't start acting like the way he used to , then maybe it is time to move on.
yes, 'm sorry to say , but this is just a teaser.
mabey because you are doing something he does not like
Now I don't know what to do.
just be responsible, show her that you care, and talk with sense!
I DON'T KNOW MAKE UP A GOOD ONE.
If you don't, then I would dump her.
no It's just eye candy if you just enjoy watching pornography of 2 girls.
If there's a girl you want, but she's in a relationship... um...
or say something and wish you hadn't?
How should I even get a guy to be interested in me?
Do you have any ideas please ?
sounds like it, just too shy to talk to you if you like him approach him and talk
If he liked her . I don't think it would be a problem.
I'll tell you, what's her number?
Use feathers or fingertips and just lightly caress each other all over (except...you know...).
Tell him that it is just not working between you 2 and part ways.
sorry mama,bt ur question is vague..
trying another guy....(i HATE the age difference
u just start showing full confidence and trust in him.the thing will come to normal .
relax it fine, nobody cares as much as you do.
Suck it up and say something.
If someone can't look past another person's looks...it's time to move on.
Why don't you have sex with him?
Say It was nice to meet you.
If he has kids get out get out.
poor u I hope your answer is no .
good luck and stay away from him
He says he wants to leave her and she treats him so badly.
after looking back , you might find that you are not the one with the problem.
i still feel like I need someone to hang out with.
they pretend to be scared cuz it is an easy out and women are sappy enough to buy into it.
What if you had gotten pregnant?
I knew it wouldn't be easy to tell my dad, so I decided not to.
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
the Chances are you know something already, but you just do not know it.
mall, movie, dinner at your place, bowling....
i understand that would be hard , but being honest would help.
Does it matter, gay or not ? Do you think you were going to hook up with him?
!this gf and sister thing shouldn't even be a question!!
mixed females are just way too hot..
every id text him , he'd start arguments and say I was the one always starting it.
I think it is cute to play around...
no mature guy would date even 2 girls at a time, not to mention 5, It is ridiculous.
which one your ex-boyfriend ?
last time I was there , he was drinking alcohol and he was only 15. I really needed help!
You MUST think about your baby now!!
ofcourse he still loves you , just because he got mad at you
ONCE A CHEATER= ALWAYS A CHEATER...find someone new, and try looking somewhere else BESIDES the internet.
i mean how old do you have to be to buy protection, Do they card you ?
After end , they were only talking, you were kissing.
trust....that is something that once lost is a bitch to gain back!
He was on my friends list, He had two other women on his.
I am the same age . You have tried lying or sneeking out.Works 4 me
Thats exactly what he wants you to do.
this is just a question to thro out there.
Because no decent girl wants to be a jerk.
stay friends.If you date him , make him jealous.
yes, but don't lose her . She will be fine if you just love her
It ended up being one hell of a night for me!!!
Im so sorry she has not answered you properly!
i admire you for still being a virgin.
Well, does he really like the girl?
I like this guy, but he has a girlfriend.
Why did the blonde belly button hurt!!!
And I thought I had a tough one about quitting smoking... which didn't work by the way.
it depends, what she means, If she means she likes you a lot , then it's a compliment.
But never lie about it to a girl (e.i.
I like him , but panic whenever I 'm around him.
Baby: Baby weighs 1 pound 9 ounces (709 grams).
What he likes, what you like.
but the reality is, lovers can't be great friends.
good girls are honest, they say what they think about without hurting other people's feelings.
!and plus you can always get another girlfriend!!
Im 31 and still get looks!
If you want to cry,.... cry.
you just have to learn to accept each other or lack them
Did you ever really care for her or was it just a physical thing.
well , you can act like you know them . say you went to school with them.
if you have a mutual friend, have them tell him you are interested.
When you get married , it's a serous thing.
If you think it won't work, quit and get a new job.
I won't be making out with every guy . I see if I know it won't lead to anywhere.
if he thought he had been there and done things.
Plus, I wonder if he did even love you.
if you guys have a good friendship, you could probably let him in on your little secret.
The It depends, I didn't see if you were a man or a girl
How I get that website ?
i find myself asking the same question about meeting a decent guy.....
some Ppl like to try before they buy.
People putting way too much emphisis on looks.
just because the are not blood does not make them not family.
if you think he is cheating on you, he probably is.
i don't know but it would be shameful if he was.
Unless you are married to a girl, your sister comes first.
...wish to share, am a returner favourer kind person.
spiel they have you do, and some guy responded to Your phone number.
you are in love right, age is a number , not a lifestyle.
if you stay here.. possibly not anytime soon :D
I know I sound stupid but I need to know
I know, what a dork right?
I don't call it moving on...
by the way , This has nothing to do with gender, men can be just as stubborn.
But If you will ever have an affair , the answer is up to you.
girlkat, I think you like me.
You just have to trust her.
Must s u c k to be me.... : )~
its all good unless you drive a 1978 Ford F-100
but , To an extent , an e friend may be helpful till you meet ur real 1 .
Why am I the victim here?
well, that's where I come in.
Well I like the weird ones!like he is a sweetheart by all means.
Ask for money instead of gifts.
well so was I and we are doing pretty well
I am not talking about my dad.
It depends on what you talk about with the ex...
it's a scam....I got that too....no such a thing
You could keep it exclusive to close family and friends.
it will just annoy him and piss him off even more.
But I am a big fan and I don't care about that.
Are you a good guy and just want to talk?
Most of my friends are guys.
Not to be disrespectful, , but hell naw!
I'M ONLY 21 AND I've BEEN WITH MY HUSBAND FOR FOUR YEARS AND I RECENTLY GOT NARRIED with HIM.
if he has a girlfriend already, and still want you
This will be FUN for BOTH of you!!
it look like u 'm a nice guy.
if the girl really loves you, she will reconcile with you and give you another chance.
What is it; not having sex?
would you if you had the chance?
there are so many pregnant women who feel that way.
it must be that the dude treated her really badly
take your time and studying her
Cheer up & have some fun!
And above all , like Will Smith says go 90% and let her come 10
(by the way, are you crazy) ?
it is not you talking , it is all hormonal talking.
do use sex and your body for having fun !
Hay I think they really KOOL their look at the boobs they are looking at . I think it a complientt
to protect them from getting hurt
you're just going to get labeled a possesive bastard who can rot.
does she even know anything about him?
It's like this... YOU do LOVE ANY OF THEM!
He He He says that I 'm the right girl but he is too young.
If you love him and he feels the same , then what does it matter how other people feel?
cross him out of my life or continue going over to his house since I'm friends with his sister.
I think you need to ask yourself some pretty tough questions like...Can I live with this?
Before him , I was only dating guys in their 40's, 'casue I wanted someone to mature.
Best of luck to you, Keep it real
maybe you should think about what is missing in your relationship and make it work that way !
There's a guy who's 31 who I've hung out with.
My husband never cared what I had to say , even in the beginning.
Should I leave her alone so she wont get yelled at by her mom because of me?
email me and I'll let you know how big I'd like it to be!
no guy is Romantci Tillyou mack him
Not ONLY AM I BEAUTIFUL , BUT I AM PHEONOMINAL.GET to ME.
you feel right and you always want to be around this person
It does mean she loves you , but she does have a crush on you .
the roles are so backwards these days!
What would a 22 year old man think about dating a 25 year old woman
OK, Let me get this straight up front.... Guys are often clueless about subtle hints.
im so not into picking someone up at a bar.
you need to talk to your dad about this , be open to telling him how you feel.
because women are women ... very annoying
Just hang out, make some guy friends and girlfriends and hang.
well it because they are desperate to jump into things
I don't think so, if you are in love , you are in love.
bcuz you like those people enough to date them and you have tons of fun.
i'm a good looking guy and I have no problem meeting people and I love to have fun.
to cheat on him, it will feel so sweet!, then dump the chump and move on
you You are mad Kool in my book
Always no matter what you be yourself and if that is not good enough , the guy is trash .
A friend ship is a big thing so don't break it
I loved her to deathand before her I never dated a girl... 've messed around but never dated one.
So why waste your time.You are a woman and there's lots of fish in the sea.
like some people always say... once a cheater, always a cheater... I hope this helps... take care of yourself!<3
theres more pain in your life than good and happiness
divores him . He is a jerk .
girls love a guy who smells good dude
18 or older and it has to be w/ someone who's also 18 yrs or older
i guess I should have said that it's too young, unless you're not worried about divorce.
if you don't feel so sure about him or you are not comfortable, then dump him
i think you guys should wait.
Either you pick him up, or have him pick you up.
Sweetheart means that you are a sweet person
Just say Can you do that for me, please?
when you married it was for richer or poorer.
you n't care what other people think.
that happening to me & it took me awhile to get over it .
I found my guy in the yahoo member directory and sent him an instant message.
Don't bother with the girls that lust after 'hot guys', they are shallow and immature.
just be careful on all counts.
(besides sex, guys) or girls who know what's worked for them?
See how far she went with him...
I mean , do you like it much
Trying to ask for stuff on the net!
How long would you date a guy before you have sex with him?
dear, it is all in your mind.
I just thought of her as my friend and I still do.
A men 's guitar tells a lot more to me :-p
find someone else and maybe it will help.
Tell him he ain't got it like that.
because honestly that is usually what it means.
on Why is he cheating ?
It might be hard at first , but guys come and go.
What do you all like while having sex?
making your decision and get back to me kid.
She KNOWS WHAT SHE is TALK'N ABOUT!!
if you know the piano or any classical instruments they may like you
i do know my big brother is so overprotective it sickens me
I guess my boyfriend (well now my ex) and friends decided to play a little joke on me.
u know when his whole attitude changes with you
You just tell her, flat out.
Well 'm a kid (no offense to other kids) but great parenting.
I'd say what but it wouldn't be an opportunity
yes it is important to married couples!
If you want to scream, ....scream.
Chicks can be really Odd at times.
its OK but talk to him
actually All men want to have a girlfriend , but somehow they don't know how to start the relationship.
Even though I know it is hard at times, But there is always calm after the storm . God bless
maybe seprate for a little while
It's not so bad, you don't know what you 're missing!
You're her husband . The other guy is just that another guy... What's so confusing about that!!!
believe it or not , women ask the same question about men.
But be nice to her too.
someone , who talks sweets + thinks sweet things , and + eat sweets = sweet heart
Basically, what I told her is that she should come right out and tell them.
Get out there and get comfortable doing everything everything
And I have no idea what to wear!
trying that hard to get a girl?????
surefire way to get her something she wants.
If you get te answer , please forward to me too!!
TALK TO HER ABOUT IT AND LET HER KNOW HOW she FEEL.
mean you want to keep two-timing, or should I say, five-timing all these 5 girls?
Yes I should it's ok for a female to ask a guy out
LOL, BTW, as you have guessed, she is jealous and wants you to be out of the race...
So my answer to your question is: It beats me!
and They are good lookin' just their way it hangs down.
do not give up , you will find him.
Disney world, add some good fun to their honeymoon!
Coz they all love the bad boy.
wow that doesn't sound too good..... but then again I don't know your girlfriend
if you guys break up, then you have to see each other every
However, only do this if you guys are still on good terms.
Wait until the 10th grade , then gave him a call
depends on which kind of person you are!
not to hard to figure out here
2) you don't want to lose all of them?
by the way, not doing it w/ you does not really he's gay or something.
IF A WOMAN OR A MAN LOVE EACH OTHER , Why CHEAT.
her idd does though and will let her know
grab his butt . Guys love that
u can , but you have to keep it professional.
i think it for psychological reasons...but as they say , it increases sensation, so there!!
since nobody else here knows what to tell you or even cares about you.
guys r horny, you just gotta show em some stuff
differs from one man to another .
Never do that just be good ex almost married peeps
and feel free to email me or yahoo messenger
if she says NO , ask her 'why don't you'..
Hum I am gay . Does that help please respond if you get this message ? bud
talk to her and find out if she likes you!
when you put your penic in.....do it is really slow and it must last long.
Why are you still going over there?
i am married and have 2 beautiful children.
outgoing definitely more fun to hang with!!
however I hate 2-timers, I still wish you luck in finding your true love one day.
He cheated on you, so he was not meant to be your bf.
no no no it's all wrong wrong
Be yourself and fear getting close...
no I have but I really would like to try it.
if is good enough . You'll have a
no It's natural , but if you don't do it , it will be ok for you .
or the person you love and see that you love her at all.
this is most sad wrongly bad!
when friends hook up , it can turn nasty.
I hope I did well :P
if you really are in love , you will feel it.
TURNOFF- GIRLS THAT HANG ON ME AND do TRUST ME.
i think that he is like someone else .
should I just let him go on his way to trying mending the relationship with his ex or what?
but I wouldn't be anyone beyond her to judge her.
like parents, we always fight with them but we still love them and they love us too!!
If you STILL can't get one, well...
its long because they have to see if it is true love or not.
in bed with a girl and you worry about leg hair?
that's telling me he needs some sort of counciling.
its about what rite for you.
keep them both going problems down the line.
THEN GET OVER HIM Its THE OWELY WAY
he says that he fell out of love with me.
-eye contact -waving -middle finger !!!!!!!!!!!!!
who cares I will go out w/u 'm 14 lol
they ca make out guys .... Thay do know what it is .
And don't let him lie to you.
up phone sex from your cell to home
and it is pointless to even try to understand.
If you really love the guy, you shouldn't doubt esp.
I with two boycousins and one female.
that doesnt mean hanging out with band geeks.
y would it be bad if you liked him?
Ask yourself , Do you want this guy to be in your life no matter what?
Well, without a huge club, you can't make anyone do (or feel) anything, but...
'll take either one so long as they are so so so hot!!!!!!!!!
I think we are both happy!
nice arms, to feel that I am safe in them
tell them to stop being annoying.
no it means your curious it OK
he start by deviating from the topic and in the end I donno wat happening!
BETTER TO HAVE PLENTY THAN NOT.
im going to tell you in a straightforward way , how to get everything you ever wanted.
cute sexy girls could caccth any boy they are taking you for granted.
um, don't start out possesive with anyone.
Wait til he gets back, then ask again.
when you have true love and know that he/she is the one
When you have sex with her.
I think you should always live in the moment.........enjoy...................
Make it her happiest day ever
But ask him and see what he says.
never ever talk to this girl again.
any guys out there who know what they'd want?
What, like I can't get that?!...
just go up to the person that you like and grab her arms and kiss her!!
he may not be like the latest guy as much as you think =)
What if the relationship doing goes well, you'd have to see that person every
And pleanty of Chemical X, if you want a freak in bed.
you're a good girl just by being you and not someone else.
you now you should just ask him!
go outside and meet real people.
16... but 21 is too young... mistake I wish I could take back
then you will find out yourself saying that.
ud just have to respect the fact that it is his/her decision.
don't do anything you are not comfortable with and never comprimise yourself
If not, at least you won't have to carry that big, I wonder if... on your shoulders.
all the way,its lot more fun and easier to get along with
be nice and lay on the charm.
That means she's doing what you shouldn't.
If ur really in love , what is wrong with that?
just enjoy him the way you have been, gay or straight ,
women out with rude , arrogant unemployed dirtbags.
without this , all there would be is silence.
no seriously...love is unconditional....and A real love brings out the best and the worst in you
have a little pride in yourself
JUST TELL HIM THAT THINGS are WORKING AND WHY THEY
no, I don't think it's a good idea.
And I am sure his wife didn't like it!
Does this guy have a good job?does he have a temper-jealous-control you-get along with your family?
Who cares what other people think???
it goes on and on forever.
From the way I see it, there is no way for her to learn other than the hard way.
do forever think you are not good enough.
for me that love is just a physical attraction!
u have to accept the fact that he/she is gay.
OK . Seriously , you treat it like any other break up.
Just say hey buddy, you know that I love you.
If you have Kdis that means you like having babies and maybe the guy wants kids
GOOD LOOKS , BUT IF YOU do HAVE A GOOD HEART BEHIND THE GOOD LOOKS , THAT is NOT GOOD EITHER
Send a picture that someone is not doing it for me...wait I'm latin...never mind....
do miss out on your education.
just curious... I'm not even 19 yet
Any way , girls are always hot!
this female domination shit is for the birds men
sleeping or doing you know what
if you are hot , they will come to you eventually.
put it to her the best you can
It you , It reminds me of my sister.
Why dont you try on the dating line
walk her to The door , hug her goodbye,then turn the hug into a kiss .
tell her . You want nothing to do with her .
I know it is bad, but I can't help myself.
have you ever been left all alone.
Ya should not marry if your not 100% sure.
Just make sure your dog isn't hungry!
you like what you can't have .
They have a good family , a great wife, etc.
Well it is not so hard, talk about things that you both have in common....
Exotic looking.. Plus the contrast is very sexy..
maybe snack a bit and get back to foreplay before doing it again.
yes, it's always ok to be friends with somebody, even if they're your enemy.
well it might just be . Maybe you need to find more in common with them
hi Girl 'm in 7th grade too y you set him up?
Finally someone from STL, a club
Never say ever, do lose your hope.
He's not dirty, just a clutterbug, drives me crazy!
There there , There is always a way .
it doesn't matter if she got you a present.
because boys are smarter than girls
talk to your sister about it.
A cheating man thinking with the wrong head....
try making it something you do together.
make a date to truely be together for ever.
Still, I doubt anyone takes them seriously, anyway.
don't worry about what other people say...your not on this earth to please anybody but YOURSELF!!!
Man You can get a girl that loves you . Don't worry about it.
Easy to fall in lust, hard to fall in love.
Women are just as scared sometimes!
I don't think it unreasonable to ask him to try, and see how it goes.
well, because men do think !
this is sum man to men advise...tell her you like her dude!
did they change in anyway other than you now knowing?
the One thing I like about a woman's body is their eyes and feet.
no if you like or love him , tell him and before that you have to know him
or are you just maybe thinking about kinda loving him?
There ought to be a grace period though, so you don't look like picking up leftovers.
Ao treat the cause , not the effect!
It was awful when I wanted something I knew wouldn't work.
You are young and you need to have fun.
stand up and fight, forget about yourself and your moaning about.
I hope you can get good result:)
You should go and win some money.
He swept me right off my feet!
really have no idea at all.
Ya kind of gotta feel sorry for the guys in a way, being so dependent on us, poor things.
just be tired of lookin'.
i'm separated and I really like this new guy, but he lives in Florida, and I live in Louisiana.
Is Is he giving me excuses instead of just thinking he does like me?
Why can't I find her ?????
shouldnt the guy doing that?
if she says yes than good luck!
of course it is, why wouldn't it be?
(self love is -hair-fingernails-massage-exercise, you know the rest) 8~)y----Peace.
Not if you don't want to be.
i out it was another good looking man turned gay what the Fuk are women doing to men!!
Even if they don't admit it , I'll say boobys
NEVER break up cuz youve been dating too long, time that makes no sense
if they like you , they wo care about looks dress nicely though just to invite them around the corner
i think it 's worth it !
just accepted that he is a family
if he likes you, you want to make him work for it.
Evergirls like no person but a boyfriend!
You just have to be patient.
If she's not interested , she'll let you know and then at least you won't wonder anymore!
SHE ISN'T WORTH GOING TO JAIL OVER.
Wait a while before asking to be Ready now?
every day that I have a chance, is what I really like.
but I do know how to help you.
But this whole deal of once you go out with someone, you can't date anyone else is b*** S***!!!
no age does matter and I think younger men like older women . Good luck
Send me a message on 360 :)
one girl at once , you don't need to rush anything.
if you do though, have you consider soap and water?
Bad boys are hot...but they're not worth it.
in times when people around you are discouraging you.
Go for it if it's what you want!
IF SO THEN I HAVE A SMALL ONE TOO!
Actually only bad boys/men themselves think ALL women want them.
In 1 year
You will just have to get used to it.
tell him as a new guy~guarenteed 2 work
Plus What if you get pregnant ?
you get to think you are what they say.
no but you make no sense.
depends on actually being married . Yeah it is , but if only casual sex nope
NO She is too dang young!
Now, you have to have the right tone of voice - VERRRY SARCASTIC!
And Well , love isn't about 5 , just 1 and 1.
love me for who I am?
mixed girls are just BOOM ass fuck,when they are the have the ass the looks and the chust
So...How do you like your eggs in the morning?
ok , let go part by part.
I love him dearly and I do want to lose him.
do you believe in love at first sight?
sum of Dem punk out and do exactly what you say or ask!
woman...without a doubt...Gods' gift to man.
If your sex life is not good . Everything falls apart.
year , Even short girls can be hot as hell , not just cute .
And they want it in cash.
just chill out and do whatever you wanna do,be urself
If you do it already over.
b/c it's the bad boy image that attracts them, Personally I go for the nice guy, but that's me..
its fun and not as messy.
But it depends on how well you handle it to give excitement
Look, its all entirely individual and up to the couple involved!
basically what everyone has said , but to keep it simple how you react or if another person reacts without speaking
i do know why , but they say gay guys have a fine taste.
No guy likes dumb women
all you need are two things, passion and love .
theres still a little spark, but not so bright anymore.
fifty to sixty years , you really need to know if she snores
And also we see each other like every day, We don't know each other though .
Im a girl and I lost my virginity at 15.
This is just about 90 percent of all guys ' dreams . Just ask or tell him..
And now I have another boyfriend, and he is much sweeter and he would never do that to me!!
But He is getting married this month.
guys get horny if you touch their bodies everywhere
just follow your heart no matter what other people say.
- that we could be more than friends.
It is how you use it!!
fuck guys fast...lol well idk I just thought that sounded funny..
I don't know what you are talking about, but it does...
Yeah am with the dude who makes the action kiss him when he 's not looking
Whatever you do . Don't act like a stalker.
Anyone who says you're not good looking, don't bother taking them seriously.
What do you mean by good?
u don't mind if you are being hurt by your love.
lol j/j but what a waste of meat .
i promise it works because I had chkd SVRL times on many girls in such cases.
If it for the experience...by all means..tell her!
am not the same girl he meet.
WOW we probably have had one, we just didn't know about it.
no because they might go back and do it agin it is not worth it.
There There There are other guys out there.
Not because your scared per se.
I If you haven't found someone, no big deal!!!
Tell me what you think of guy's and girl's.ssss
you should know better than letting a real friend go
Because he is a guy and guys act stupid at times.
sometimes you can't help who you love but never refer to yourself as crazy.
So you make her feel comfortable . Then she will like you
now, that's when you should call him.
I out his profile on MySpace and I am friends with him.
i've been waiting 20 years and will keep on, I know someday we will be together
it means that he really does feel something about you.
to protect his damn pride , I guess!
till get married you sinner!
Also , do restrict yourself to taking only what you find at work!!
i a guy, but I will help you.
of course , WOmen have Better Lovers than men .
But some are a lot bigger than that.
Hell they can't stand it, they need someone to hang around with.
But do let her think you do love her when you really do.
accept the break up and move on, Do let him stay in your life!
In my experience, guys don't really like that.
guys just need to learn that that not all there is to a relationship.
and after sex , you must talk with her on any light matter.
no never do that . If you do that , he might break your heart again .
i had experience and it works.
All I want is a fun, caring, carasmatic, spontanious girl that is also caring.
Oh you got one of those types.
maybe they just don't feel comfortable accepting it, or they don't like it but are trying to be nice.
Is she not having sex with you enough because she doesn't really want to?
Just to bad they like skinny women!
YEt I don't want to have regrets later?
well, when a man and a woman love each other very much... hey wait a second!
But you're still a kid, and you just haven't gained enough wisdom to make this sort of decision.
Ask Him if he likes you.i have liked the same guy for years too.
you have to be self confident, it is not always your fault !!!!!
because we have no need for bull**** drama
do the research youll be amazed .
P.S: He's married, but he is sooooooo very hot!
you could always look for another lesbian lover...i think that will solve both your problems , buddy!
yeah...15 is too young...i'm 16, a virgin and at this age I'm still not ready.
do you put yourself first, or your mate?
Because their boyfriends don't want any hair in their mouths...
YOU NEVER KNOW IF YOU'LL FIND SOMEONE BETTER.
I heard some guys like licking his armpits (eww..).
the best at age 15 when you start to get to be a woman
I don't know why you were asking , but I don't think your gonna get a response.
First he wanted you to quit smoking, now he says when you trust him?
he says that he still likes me but isn't ready for a relationship.
Ask em' if you think its worth the risk . I hope I helped!
Talk 2 wife 4 times , then both of you go to sleep.
but you will have to face some problems.
If you don't like any more , you can keep being her friend.
what someone does to make you upset.
oh girl, please let him go!
Fight tooth and nail for her!
just 1 example :like havig an unplanned pregnancy.
I practically drooled whenever I saw him.
Even if you never do it again...will she really be able to forgive and forget?
ASK her what SHE WANTS - what SHE NEEDS in bed - ASK HER WHAT FEELS GOOD to HER!
it seems to me u need sm1 to pass time with m .
age would not matter would it?
give it up and find somebody else.
Sure, I have been in virtual love a lot of times
It It is what I think relationships are like though.
That wouldn't be fair to you.
u could have a better woman!and besides we are men.
I don't know what to do!
Most confident people (women) walk with a little twist/switch...kinda funny.
Go to US get a wife,marry her and go back to your land...;)
girls asking that question every ten minutes.
well earn enough money for the books and then go buy them and get your butt to class...have fun
Give some time to mature.
they are sweetie pies b/c they want to have sex with you might not be the situation.
If you never talk about it,how can you expect them to know your true feelings???
Almost All of my friends are guys.
The Best thing to do is just ask her and then you'll know for sure.
I'm gonna go with a no.
if is the biggest problem you have to overcome in this relationship, I expect a wedding invitation soon!
yelling at him/her and say get away from my cuz
I I I would say full lips and nice teeth(smile)
you just have to trust her.
just jumping him, he'll know you want him .
Why do girls get played by boys?
the The play is great and the romance is awesome .
If you want 20 or more in an hour . gimme a call!
I take everyone seriously, plus that what Heels are for...!
On average I say 3 times a week...you do the math.
stop searching for it.it will come to you!
how did you treat her when you were dating?
Just help me out a little please?
It It's not strange to have a 35 y/o virgin.
If after, you need to let him go!
i didnt know that you would have that problem!
very good question waiting for answers
But is your girlfriend there to stay?
You should be willing to give without receiving if you are serious with this girl
Who says the girl can't give candy, flowers or little love notes?
and say it to him very seriously without tears.
Every kiss is the first
uhh do get your problem, he likes you . You like him , get married , have kids, cool
Have fun, do not be fake, double date...
wel, If it is not too much trouble, you should not do these things and see if he is disappointed
If you have to ask, then he's not 'the one'.
No I do think that that is the answer , but it does hurt to flert
you'll never know if you do ask!
as with a penis entering the vagina, butt, or mouth...penetration...making love...fcuking...
because if she is , then just ask her when you 2 are alone.
mmm... yummy.. I prefer to be their friends first
If you mean having a boyfriend , like hanging out at each other 's house , then middle school/ jr high.
I feel so uncomfortable around her now.
If your coworker is your boss or supervisor or your supervisor , it would not look so good to others.
if he does love her for who she is, then let him get the stepping.
theres plenty of time for men later!
He's my #1 and I want him sooooooo bad!!!
I'm not beautiful , but I am beautiful, sexy, smart and hung like a swollen firehose
then look for someone to marry.
maybe in that very last room, you'd find her.. (^_^)
flirting is the best sport ever
3) If you still have a conscience, break up with all of them, admitting and apologizing for your mistake.
Women have to step up and start asking guys out.
He should be out of your life!
The older you get , the less diff this makes!
even though ya'll started the relationship off of deception.
we email, can talk on the phone, He is very afraid of getting hurt again.altho 've reasssured him......
theres nothing wrong with ex's being just friends.
If they steal they are a theif.
you have to earn her trust back.
MAKE SURE THAT THE PERSON IS GAY BEFORE YOU THINK OF SAYING ANYTHING STUPID.
tell police or your parents immediately
1 girlfriend and 4 girls that are friends is a pretty good deal too.
Then what is a guy that drives a mustang GT?
don't let go for you could never find it again.
It means I'm going to get a heart attack in 5 minutes!
that way , When you are done, all of your love energy is gone.
I NEED HELP, IT'S BEEN FOUR MONTHS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
(Please don't misunderstand...I am still presentable , just not child-like) :)
OK. I see your problem . You know it is your fault for dating all of them?!
This isn't fair to a guy.
Then that friend can tell him/her how good you are in bed.
No way not in that situation......my advice is to go on with your life and find someone closer.
Best of luck and God Bless! you
im of an interracial marriage and am very happy.
My 2 best friends are guys.
Sense of humor a turn on though, but physical, I'm a Breast man,
4 example in your anniversary is sex needed to celebrate it?
it will kill u. :D. I do mean to be offensive .
SORRY TO BREAK IT TO YOU.
no I think it depends on her personality and they are easy
HOWEVER - God created us and we're all Beautiful, Pretty, and the like:).
The eharmony It is expensive but very good.
i believe that one should at least try it once incase sex happens on wedding night .
If he has left her hes not going to anytime soon.
you could just be friends though .
My wife of 7 years just cheated on me.
Quit and get a less successful guy
hay I have 14 years from egypt my e-mail senchi_muto@hotmail.com if you want to chat .
I am ready for you ;)
i n't believe in the best age to get married . I believe it when you are ready as a couple.
i don't see where you think a problem exists.
They think in their pants, not in their brain
Besides who wants to play a girl when her bestfrinds can kick her ass.
I want to be that Guy!!
yeah I've seen times like these.
dude, you do sound like that sex type thing from stp.
well ask yourself... would you rather say nothing and wish you had?
So is it okay for me and him to be friends?
IT COULD BE THAT SHE'S TIRED IF SHE JUST HAD THE BABY.
Tell her that You are sorry that you meet her needs (inside your heart u probably are).
I gave everything I had to him.
*do you or they have to move out of the house?
but sure I can be beautiful for you
you can meet another lesbian online, but I'm not sure where else- sorry
a. right the good and bad sides of both and compare.
i think it has sexual content
Yes that means he luvs u cuz maybe sometimes you don't always agree on everything.
i'll get to the point; I want a husband and a child.
He did something wrong and couldn't face it.
YOU NEVER HEARD THE SAYING YOU ARE WHAT YOU DRIVE?
But if you always annoy this person , just leave it alone.
Is the age difference gonna be a problem?
Some men would kill for that.
Of course , chubby guys can get dates!
Do I just listen to her?
(seriously) If you don't already think you know who the girl of your dreams is , then stop looking.
If you start something out as a lie , then he/she is not really interested in you anyway!
and remember birds of a feather flock together.
if he is , then he will think more about your looks,hair,ect.
maybe she feel bad about something?
oral sex while on the road
The The age difference between both of us is not much.
We hate it when men do that to us
you should be honest w/ her.
She is trying to tell you that she does want to dump you but she n't like it .
Beleive me, MEN can take it.
Hope that helps, and good luck because you are always the most important person in your life!!!
Sometimes, fireworks go off and there is no happy ever after.
You haven't met the RIGHT man yet!!
then we are still gonna be fresh for them!
When I try to console him , he starts arguing and he doesnt let me talk.
I do understand guys . One minute there make out with you and the next there like eww get away?!?!?
A girlfriend of mine is lesbian and she wants to have sex with me .
Nice girls do want nice guys.
since he cheated on you, I would say not to go out with him again.
But 'm into the badboys , we party a lot , but it is fun.
some people have problems with this because of the problems they have inside!
b/c u poop out of it DUH
If you also like him , then just open up and take him in your stride.
Just making a wise choice . There are so many dumb people out there.
You gotta try before you buy.
the four c's and you will make it if you both feel, and share these!
mail me I ll tell you the exact answer....
thanks for the ride baby, now get your stuff and get to stepping!
Well, it's kinda creepy and the guy will feel awkward.
yes, for your emotional well being, let this sleeze ball go, you can do sooo much better!
These days , Who do we have?
just grab his attention and do let go!
I'm starting to get that vibe - you know the one I'm talking about?
Or just to 'get it off your chest'?
I am not afraid to, but, 'm 34 years old, so, I really have nothing to lose
if he is cheating already , then he will cheat on you also.
that should work it worked for me!
So do try too hard, cuz you will only draw a blank.
if he doesn't say thanks, forget him, he's a jerk.
But everyone keeps talking noise about how he looks gay
Ft. Bragg is right down the road!!
wow, that girl has issues, If she ca accept that you love your sister.
Not at all... it 's human nature.
Did it make you a better person?
depends on their pesonality, and what they look like, not to mention their voice.
only if I get something in return.
Maybe The reason you realized you like him is because you just like seeing him happy.
do you have to go somewhere else that quick?
If somebody say that to me I'd be insulted.
i think you got what I mean.
Okay I'll admit it......I want and need the points.
You love your sister in a brotherly way...if you want her that badly ,
The problem is that I have the same question as you do!!!
if we do count our ages , we could worry.
I saying black mail would be awesome.
jokeeee Just be sure ur single.
Totally depends on the Woman and where they actually are!!!
as long as you are both single and have open feelings for one another.
You just have to let her know that your trust worthy.
u need to show me your pic first.
ya'll should date , it seems like ya'll like another lot . Give it a shot .
u'r wearing the same hat as me.
shes in high school wondering the same thing.
Why would a girl seem to be really into a guy?
Then we went out to lunch like we always did.
he is different , but I would give him a chance.
I have fantasies, it helps me get off, use it that way.
think back to when you were dating.
But marrying is not yet one of them.
If you are a pervert, get lost!
Should I say something, or just accept that not all guys are like this?
i totally agree...if you are in love you 're in love....DO !
try to be friends if possible.
I'm sure, he's probably just busy.
if so she is shallow .
do DO ANY THING Ask ME TO DO EVERY THING . LOL
Start small - pizza or a movie.
Just a random question that I've been wondering about...
depends on who you're asking... For me it is bad when 1.
he might b d cure after all
mr. know it all is dumb.. Sex is bad when a person has a disease, use condoms.
asking questions about him , carry on coversation because silence causes problems
Do NOT try to lock him down and pretend that things are the way they used to be.
Love is something special and rare
Always take the good and forget the bad.
if this dude has hinted that he wants to leave her but ca get out and get out.
my man a fireman . I dont ask much . He cleans and washes clothes and he cooks
You just said them...you still love him.
TURN ON - GIRLS THAT ARE independent AND TAKE WHAT THEY WANT.
Oh yeah and when the moment finally does arrive , don't go in the pool first.
you just want to hear people talk about it explicitly, ya sicko!
plentyoffish.com is the best dating website .
And It haunted her in High School.
I am not only beautiful,I am 1 in a million.Holla at me!!!
Back off from her, If it is meant to be she will be back!
Actually If its blind , then its not possible even after so many sites
show him a video of you having sex w/someone else .
good girls are friendly and a little bit shy (just a little bit)
Make it a fun game you can both play and you will both come out winners!!
If your sister is just in 6th grade , then I think she's too little to date.
Then ask him if he fantasizes someone else while doing you?
Hes my ex bf and left me but want me again.
i've been in love with the same guy for 3 years.
I just don't have any good excuse.
they are for sex than men .
Can you imagine teaming up for a project at work with your EX?!
Maybe be your best friends are trying to test you.
How about Maybe we've made a mistake.
but I do know your situation.
please if you find any Email me
In other words , all these excuses are he doesnt like me, but is he just for play?
I don't think it matters what you look like on the outside.
and it's true that love is blind.
when you ask her to be your fiance, That's the line
That's all I'm sayin' Ppl back me up on this 1 !!
And keep it up with some kind of regularity!
if he does responds well , then so what, you can find someone else
I n't live there, but I need to know what that area looks like.
Yet I don't want to lose what I have.
just perfectly understanding each other and communicating... course , good sex is the most important factor!!
You should thank god for that!
(if you push yourself on her , you`ll most likely run her off.)
love is not blind....it sees but it does mind....hehehe.
but believe me once you have him .
she is the one you are dating , not your sister.
I I'm I really great friends with this guy.
he might just get a kick out of being with an older woman.
KEEP IN MIND NO ONE KNOWS THAT I AM GAY.
it is time that will heal your pain . be strong and it is going to be OK!
YOUR ANGER WILL LEAD NO WHERE... Hope I was able to help you...
So definitely don't drive yourself nuts man.
Specialy if you guys break up and go separate ways.
leave them alone , go find someone single how bout' what they will be.
My husband told me to move on.
My boyfriend(hubby now) was too shy to do it!
It sounds like a heck of a mess.
If you are looking for casual dating, Yahoo Personals are pretty good.
you should be 18 or older .
there is nothing else out there.
nice to know 'm a girl .
If you're a good guy, and she's still this way, then I don't know the answer.
its time for you to move on and find a guy that deserves a person like you.
then set an appointment with him!
You don't like the mess, or is it a churchie thing?
Did Did you ever cheat on her ?
some say yes , some tell me just half way beautiful
LADY AS A HOMEGIRL WHICH YOU AND I KNOW.
It was so hard to be friends with him.
just tell her how you feel.
This is a dumb ass question.
but I don't know him look him up on Mapquest That may help.
Get over him and move on.
Another 'line' could just be to say something like 'man, I feel like coffee.
Not really, no guy ever stopped talking to a girl because they do want coffee.
because if you do , then you wo be doing that to them... End of story...
Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo!
: I am not a pessimist.
be present as much as you can and don't get lazy .
Okay, first things first: Men do not pick up on signs.
I know I feel like hell after a night of drinking tequila
Look, This girl is probably really insecure, or she just totally messed up.
I've had this friend for like 5 years and I have had feelings for him for awhile now.
not only is it ok to date other races...but it is ok to marry and have children.
Good luck and don't play around with this.
If you do not , then don't try to make it happen . It will turn out wrong.
If ya gotta ask, you're a ho.
Check out the clubs down in the Loop :)
same here , but they are lucky . At least your friends
calling her now and tell her you love her!
4) If none of the girls decides to give you a 2nd chance, accept it.
wat Are you some sort of terrorist?
Certainly don't go to a hooker.
a nice kiss on the cheeks to say good
If you do like that, it is your job to prove it:-)
But I hope it helps some.
at 25 weeks it is pretty early,,,they are not doing much...but they are moving some....u will feel this
He's just sweet and you want to have a back up!
he sounds like a jerk , so get rid of him for good!
because he can and you let him do it... WHY?
what age , how long into a relationship
Flirt, go on dates, hold hands...
their body,a man always checks a woman 's body first and the rest comes later
if you do know then you should figure it out elsewhere
but remember do sneck out or lie that makes everything worse
THE BEST THING FOR YOU TO DO IS TO TELL HIM UPFRONT.
but seriously, how can I check my girl is a virgin?
it varies depending on the man, some are legs guys, some are breasts guys, some are booty guys...
What do you mean if it isnt that the way it works???
do you need something from him?
u have to do foreplay
dressing for the occasion and just go with the flow.
Of course, if you are like Socrates, you can get the best of both camps
(I know this will be hard) BE objective.
if you really love him, you'll need to deal with it(although hard.)
He makes me happy and he makes me miserable!
Guys are easy to figure out.
anyway, it's none of their business.
Can you go to a club or and get numbers?
HONEY , YOU NEED SOME SERIOUS A.A.
Here are some tips to pick up a guy that is nearly guaranteed to work: 1.
As far as I can tell...
!if yes!then you have nothing to worry about.
My daughter is in 8th grade and she can't date.
And boys don't get played by girls?
ask her if she is married.
lol pray to God .. in bed .. You will get a baby . hahahahah
just tell her it was wrong and that you noticed that the preps don't like her.
because girls have different feelings for boys.
What is your favorite thing for your girl to do?
golly jee whiz I hope you don't mean incest.
I LOVE YOU AND WOULDN'T WANT anything BAD HAPPENING TO YOU.
and not try to have sex with her.
If ya give him what he wants , then he'll be done with you before ya even noticed.good luck!
all the more reason why I dont fall into any kind of relationship at work
What can he do about it without taking any medication??
Just pick the one you l8ike best!
Do whatever she wants - whether you like it or not.
Wonder now why it's hard for some men to trust women....
you wouldn't buy a car without first taking it for a test drive, would you?
if you feel so bad, maybe it was the wrong choice??
Needs to like cooking, even if she can't cook.
make it confusing as hell for her , so she figures out what we are going through!
Can SOMEONE HELP ME HERE . I BEEN ALONE for 6 YEAR'Ssssss It REALLY FUCKING SUCKS TO LIVE ALONE HERE.?
because I 'm not willing to without it and my boyfriend knows it.
Problem is, she has a girlfriend and she's really kind , so, I wouldn't try.
How do you know he is the right one?
You quit staying online so long.
but I have been on it and then some and I find that reality is the best.
Sometimes but I like it romantically too...
!Good Luck with what decision you make...
if you do it together , then it might not be scary.
other than the other ladies here I say it matters
I do not hang out with rude people or liars.
Hope I'm that cool when I'm old!
Take care, have fun and be happy.
No, he actually hates you now.
If you don't like him, leave!
IF ANYONE CAN HELP ME . That WOULD BE VERY NICE IF SOMEONE could HELP ME HERE?
The The most important thing is that you have one right name on your list, 100% right.
HMM 15 -17 PROBABLY IF you 've BEEN WIT THE GUY FOR 2 WEEKS OR SOO , OR MAYBE 1 WEEK
I wish I know cuz I feel the same way
With friends like that, you sure don't need enemies!
Hate myself for that , but maybe if the guy she went with was actually worth her...
i knew who the right ones were because.
no, it all depends on how close you are to this person.
a sadist loves pain, a masicist loves to give pain
ASK HER WHY SHE DOESN'T HAVE SEX LIKE THAT WITH YOU.
If that reflects your age...let the fries go, and keep the shake!!
if you are younger , it could be that, protectiveness
Is it really a big deal or something?
never been to Florida, but try mapquest or a directory
If he doesnt want to break up then give him an ultimatum.
take the words beginning with word 6 .. Ull know
just do what your heart wants...
yeah, some people , including myself , use it as motivation
I feel like I'm ready for love.
no I wouldn't unless it that sick .
i also believe in waiting til you're married so you end up with someone special.
NEVER LEAVE A SITUATION EMPTY HANDED , MAKE SURE IF YOU HAVE ROOM , THEN BRING IT
Why must you dragged a lie out any further.
i would never have sex with some body I don't love.
if you want to make someone love you , then simply telling them that you like them won't do shi!t.
and, Why is it the best?
too late if he fell for the person you set him up
i don't want this new guy to be a rebound guy, b/c I really like him.
thats about all I will post here,sorry
kissing her like all you ever want to do because your love for her runs so deep.
Do things that make you happy and feel good inside.
Ask him if he wants to get coffee or something.
he will wonder what else is out there .
Baby, you're my one and only, etc.).
You should feel ashamed and dirty!
Some people say it 'm sexy and others just say it 'm hot .
or other wise GET OVER IT!!
yelling, screaming, name game, blaming is nothing when it comes to emotional abuse.
It fun, it feels good, Why stop something you're having too much fun doing???
it It totally depends on the girls , whether you deserve a 2nd chance.
you will know very soon how interesting these married men
if you are in a relationship with him , then seem sad or something and he asks what that matter?
don't break up another couple so you can have a girl.
It is for my daughter if I ever have one!
For some guys, kids not their own is a bad thing, others don't mind.
oh my goodness this is so happening to me, right now.
LOOK just come out with If YOU DON'T ASK , YOU DON'T GET
only you and Eric know that.
YOU NEED TO TURN NOW TO ANY TYPE OF SUPPORT SYSTEM THAT YOU HAVE AND SEEK PROFESSIONAL COUNSELING NOW.
if you've got the money, hell yeah, get it over with and good for you.
Why don't you just get out of the house and meet someone.
If he loved you , he could play a joke on you like that.
my friend Tommi She loves her b/f.
write me and I'll email a photo.
live, love and be happy...and yea, have more kids (,)
let him/her get fed-up of annoying you while you just think as if nothing exist.
I think you ruined a good thing.
now I do know if that is true or not.
Where does the passion go after marriage?
Like you're going to get it!
Flirting with other women is not one of them.
but if that fails to annoy them to the point that they do want to annoy you anymore
Perhaps YOU could call and ask him what's up?
you could tell me in person... jeez!
Hey isnt that what we all want , a friend that we are in love with.
go 4 it you in love and you wanna stay with this person forever
Well , if I was u I would have say F***K You and go ahead with my business
(that goes for men and women)
Girl This is something that I want you to remember... Guys would LIE no matter what you do... Why?
if you want my help , we need to speak privately because it's just too dangerous.
woul'd that make the shallow coat like shield go away?
Yes Sex is very important in marriage .
If not , she is just a girlfriend.
it's a chemical reaction :) and sometimes more than that...
'm pretty sure they do if its not an absurd amount (5?)
beacuse they are afraid that they can fullfill their commitment since they have so many burdens , i.e family,office,girlfriend,friends etc.
Just be careful though cos the other person might take it the wrong way and leave!
one unless you are a jack-ass
In my experience, NO...I wasted two more years of my life trying to stay married.
i can't say I have done it before , but I know people who did.
u have to touch it really gently.
u could do it in the shower.
just tell him that you really like him ... as a friend.
say hey,_______ I was just wondering what you think of me.
i say DON`T GO FOR HIM!
she hated giving head, She said it hurt her jaw.
Try a few different things & see what works for the two of you!
If you rush into it, it's just not as nice.
(don't forget to be romantic and suave!)
and it depends if they are really goth (satan worshipping) or if they are just posers and like the style.
Yes if it says and/or on the title!
Give him a chance because he is a different person.
As long as it's fully covered when you wear your hat , you should be OK... ;)
wtf...i agree with the old man n just me...if he is only lookin lol... den dats not sexual abuse!
Your kids are going to look great .
take it from someone who has made that mistake already!!!!!!
i guess that it's my responsibility once again.
no but I would be with someone else grandma!!
Oh well, least they answered correctly!
body language means expressing your feelings through your body movement instead of using your mouth.
as long as you've got a good personality , you alright.
but it all happens when he/she confused about whether he loves you or not.
if love what to think about?
me I have 6 dogs . I play for the lackland lightnings
she did to me what we are going to do to your fella.
because that is how life is.
Or, if you can't do that, return the gifts and do not accept any more.
Worry less about her, and more about you.
so please help me out and know what
I guess if you die....it was too much.
You might be 'full steam ahead!'
but if he says no fast without thinking , that means he just wants to be friends
you need to go over and talk to them
Tell her or send her roses
the problem is , I do want to lose all of them!
Men cheat because women lie and make altimatums.
so u start sendin mixed messages too!
if you're not with her, then don't worry- chances are you think it's love but it's not.
So I started beating her @$$!
Do you think he will want somebody else when you become his gf?
Think about that and you will realize you made the right choice.
that's the best thing to do.
No, this is not true for everyone!!
sometimes there is a happy ending and then again
Love is the best feeling yet sucks if it wasn't meant for you!
you to get over someone that you still spend time with.
don't think about it, just do it!
CHECK FROM WHERE HE CALL LAST TIME
THE ONLY WAY TO KNOW FOR SURE IS TO BE TOLD BY THE PERSON THEMSELVES.
when I asked her if this was good, she told me that she thought so.
You should ask yourself what kind of person you are
Have breakfast when you wake up.
ya,, he would walk out with toilet paper, doughnuts, everything but what he was sent in there for!
nope...i would look for the cure first
yes , anyone who says otherwise is just trying not to hurt someone's feelings
and you must know the sensitive points of her body.
using your pretty little mouth, That is the only time my ex would ever really give me a bj.
Its gross , like some little girls thing.
I wouldn't have married him right away, though.
the Guhs at my school love the blonde preppy bleh.
is marriage goes by age , as you should know what marriage should be and why.
I I I do know him . I think that would be very disappointing
you giving her something shows that you were thinking about her , which is good.
the Girl is a selfish brat who loses herself and finds someone nice.
i guess it would have to be he would be more understanding.
ya that would be a big NEGATIVE!
The same reason , people don't like being held accountable for their own actions!
you need to read the questions that have already been answered here to get an idea what to do
lol Good for you for sticking to your guns!
If you are just friends , then you will not worry about them becoming involved with someone else.
Never, ever, ever sh1t where you eat...
He says he wants to be with me, but why isn't he acting like it at all?
a girl made me this way.
well, tell em, Let em know.
you should talk to her about it .
I think at the end , it's not important how many boyfriends you have to add to your list.
if you you are in love it WILL be good.sex is a bonus of love and marriage.
take it easy and everything will fall in to place.
I am currently going out w/ something that I ask
and you can trust your partner!
think of all the bad qualitys of him and imagine him being bad too . you .
no You should set him in strait and continue
we should do the cheating thingy!
its hard , Sometimes being apart and seeing your own!
if you really like the guy , then do not break up just because other girls are jealous.
Don't go acting like all girls are like that: everyone has a different personality.
but it doesnt seem like you really need that.
I really liked him and knew the relationship would be over if I said no.
The 5 love languages, Chapman Smart Love, Phil Mcgraw After that it should be self - explanitory.
People always talk about lovers being great friends and what not.
Don't give your phone number and just say it was fun.
but the only person I was with is my boyfriend and we have what we call trust.
how they cross their legs, how they stand and walk.
Disgusted with you, but hope you get your life on track!
if you are sure about that it is so easy.
before going out and just doing things like before.
I really liked this guy too.
Yes I want to chat with any ladies
If you don't know the whether or not,then or not.
Some guys want girls to talk dirty to them.
not really, unless its way too big, then ouch!
Same reasons why men do the same.r not serious.
I have w/ my granda, Grandma don't smoke
but to hang out with the wrong crowd.
i think that everything foreign is interesting to me...
but honestly , you could give it all you've got.
these are not so close boy and girl friends and meet only in college premises.
You can't force her to like you.
if you ever decide to leave him , it will probably be nearly like him.
i really want to help you.
Ladies think it is cute... Just DON'T do it in front of their co-workers or friends.
well It is the opposite of good . lol
no but I think I found a young, shallow, closed - minded girl.
or the man being a little too sad down there.?
you should take charge- ask him yourself
How do you know his feelings arent mutual!!!!!!!!
Look at it this way...you are gaining a son!!!
: ) We're not boring...trust me.
Obviously, you don't want to blow up on her.
yes, especially if you know you love them.
trying to become friends with her 1st lor...
I CERTAINLY AGREE with jdd3636 on his answer!!
hallo,r you mad you have 2 choose one ,n that,s if you know what love mean,s.
if you use sex to find love , all you have is a fling.
If both of you are cheating , you should be together--u guys are looking for different things out there.
of course , you won't fall on first sight.
It's like saying, Look at my butt-floss!
i've been everywhere and I have met a lot of girls.
Girl you need to drop him... because he sounds like a trick.
Marriage is not something that you just do because you feel like it...
one of them is kind of iffy.
No one likes to hang out with rude people.
if it clicks and you two really want to do it, then why not.
if it's mutual, all the better!
how to ask a girl to be my girlfriend?
What about finding a cute chubby girl?
My ex's double ex does that, and she never flurts with him
if you sure about this information , just get divorced
And By the way , you know it better whether you like the guy or not.
you are little weird dude...you ask all these strange questions about 'family'
and She helped me throw a party.
What ever you do, don't set him up to fail, accept him for the great things he does do
There Theres There are still rooms you haven't opened yet.
when he breaks up with the other girl , you can have him .
okay This is a good one... Start with sharing fantasies.
If you're trying to be subtle, then I recommend that you make it a 'no big deal' thing.
going out what could be worse .
because he doesnt want anymore conversation... WHY?
say ur sorry and hope he wo have been humiliated
Depends on when he had the baby.
not All guys are the same.
then you say 'm so stressed, Can I kiss you?
I don't think so (father of three)
the love to see them grow and know you as a person!
THE BEST THING TO DO IS TALK TO HER.
that's like asking why they are men assholes.
The bills, the kids, the jobs, blah, blah, etc.
hmm... touch question... Why dont you send me a pic a lemme decide whether you are or not??
my before you ask next time type your question in search.....this question is asked more than 1000 times...
so maybe you shouldn't feel so bad , at least until you talk to him.
Just leave your email loged on accidentally...and see what happens!
n't come back on him too quickly, just make sure he knows ur glad to be back with him.
do think I'm boyfriend material.
has your guy asking your dad yet?
sort of person, and you could be just as right with that approach as any other.
You just have to have enough balls!
love is life love, and life would love back you , so love all
Gotta going where the type of man you desire is.
#2 - You're in 8th grade?
Hi 'm 15 and I live in USA-TX .
IT CAN BE DONE, BUT IT'S HARD TO TRUST A CHEATTNG INDEVIDUAL,YOU MIGHT FORGIVE , BUT YOU NEVER FORGET.
but I know they mostly arent all gay.
no humans know love, only god
and if he thinks about it.
IF THE CAT IS OUT of THE BAG LET HIM MAKE A MOVE.
Not sure , but I guess it could mean a three-way: female-guy-female
No glove , no love... he got the point!
Dear What makes you think that married men are boring.
i know my guy likes me to lick his nipples and penis.
I don't want to go to the bar and hook up with some guy.
Skinny girls ycuk, you get that skinny girl 's taste in your mouth.
Not really........remember what they say .......the fruits of patience are always rewarding!
I THINK you ARE JUST A SEXY BEAST
It's already been told but I'm going to say it again... No glove, no love.
not any more than other people.
i am so sorry . I wish I could help.
you saying he's giving her what she couldn't .
because you have some hot buns!
If your little sisters like my sister , then she is a crazy middle-schooler!
if he does say thanks and you see he's a nice one, then you got yourself a boyfriend.
If you are enjoying his love , then continue until you do not catch some fresh fish like meeeeeeee.
Plus, you have to know that your daddy is just that, your daddy.
Its getting really out of hand, its affecting my schoolwork, but it won't go away
If you really love this lucky lady.... KEEP IT REAL YOURSELF!
MAYBE He HAS SOMEONE AND IT'S NOT THE RIGHT TIME.
because you are as rare as the blue bearded tit mouse.
But I love her too much to hurt her.
Girls meet different kinds of guys - good/bad, handsome/ugly, etc.
Don't worry...He'll gets his chance to be happy with you, too, someday.
First you have to do like what type of guy.
He's a jerk, You need to drop him like he's hot.
If you give love , you receive love.
Nah...ask him out...for coffee or lunch or something and talk to him.
Hey, Just keep your options open.
There is a girl I like.
If its just on friendship level , then No!
well see if you are with the right person.
there are tons of fish in the sea though.
my life over if that is true!!
especially if they become involved with someone?
Say you reserved a table for 2 , then go to Star bucks or whatever is called
i'd sign up there and browse for people in your area
i AGREE WITH you LACK COMMITTMENT.
If you ugly, women won't give you any lovin'...
online dating with pictures..you get a backround and you know what they look like
But from what I've heard is that girls like someone funny, caring & honest.
who cares.... all she will be known for is giving he*d to Clinton.
ONE girl at a time is the best bet...
going back to him say sorry-offer to buy him 2 coffies
Just be a man about it and don't ever kiss and tell.
so please I really need some advice on what to do!!!
if you think you are becoming a hoe , then you are guilty of being one...
ya..I am 200 yrs old..will this okay for you..lol
well , probably if you are pretty cool . Yes well it depends what kind of guy it is . .
What it means is be careful who your friends are!
So you could fathe the children :)
I myself am a devout Christian, I do not have premarrital sex or even kiss.
because I 'm a boy, believe me, we like something nice, especially on first dates and stuff like that.
Sure, if you are a Christian!
for me the hoter are the good ones because they have an altitude that a girl likes.
Your bf is stupid to tell him ur bi but that you would never do anything wrong with him
If he said maybe... it's not worth it!!
the middle finger: for use when annoyed b.)
as long as she loves the woman...love can wait even if it takes forever....
the Asian culture is rich in...what the hell, look at it this way....a billion Chinese people can't be wrong....
I just have bad luck when it comes to dating.
If you don't want to have kids...stay single!
Even WITH all that, I have a hard time trusting ANYTHING she says.
How could I find my husband 's voice mail code?
suppose it depends!.....it could be either she ca get rid of you or she likes being stuck with you!lol
THERE ISN'T A THING LIKE less OR GREATER LOVE.
Because if no sex is involved , then it's not illegal, no matter what the age.
forget and walk away him someone else . There are plenty of unmarried fish in the sea .
youll see what you need and what you need and it makes it very easy!
SURE U CAN E-MAIL ME AT: martha95355@yahoo.com I can use some male advice too.
forget the other guys for now.
And with the truck, he could pull her horse trailer!
he is too young to think straight.
And how would you marry her?, if your a girl?, but if you do, she'll cheat on you too...
The Liberals do it every day . Why can't you too!
If it's CRAP, then FLUSH it.
well , Why did you break up with them?
it depends... if you lose it..u will hurt.. (life is a love...love it)
buy her a bracelette or something you know she needs or wanting.
I gave freedom to the person I love and, she didn't have to ask for it!
Why did the two split?
or is it that she still gives you favors that you don't want to let go of?
we are always fighting and he never helps out with the baby or the house.
Ok here is a link where you can find some single chats.....good luck!
would say a long skirt or a nice pants outfit.
you as my pawn and I'll move you how and when I feel like it.
After we're married, and I wouldn't consider having sex with anyone else.
'm really nice . I have blond and brown hair . I love dogs and soccer and I want a BF
Sex is great , but true love is out there.
i like Chris brown but he is too young for me .
I do THINK SO , BUT I 'm 15 .
not Your average joe is attractive to gay guys.
If they do not accept that they are just friends , then I break up with them.
dear, there's no such thing as 'love' at first sight.
Because she had a blonde boyfriend!!!
run and tell all your friends to run.
you don't, you can't, you move on and learn from your mistake.. and not make it again
YOU HAVE NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT.
!..do what you are doing now,acting like an innocent..sorry missus,flirting is nature,its ugly wen nurtured
i still love my husband, but only the good , not the bad.
I am a well endowed male and would not have it any other way, because women just dig it!
I agree with Rock Nate ... follow your heart - if you truly love him, you will wait!
yur ryt bout chris brown nd bout yur frend yoo shud e mail each other
what is up with these guys??
Honestly, At your age it might be tough...
Tell him you just wanted to bone.
TRY TO HAVE A friend alone TO PROTECT YOUR FLIRTY ASSS
I say yes now are you still looking for someone special to marry ?
that has always worked for me
God, I know what you mean.
one man , one woman , one marriage.sex is not related to love . Do not make that mistake.
but do not fight or lie about it.
picking the one you like best and think which one will not dump you soon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I mean, people who just look at that kind of stuff are stupid anyway.
do limit yourself to just one.
No man wants a wife who won't cook.
If you have such great sex , why would you not want that again?
Duck, John 6271 Sixtconcession North Augusta, ON K0G 1R0 (613) 926-1643
u consider yourself blind to things happening.
first of all , you can't make a girl like you.
it is shorthand for a threesome...female guy female...lots of fun too
Personally I do like it all bald.
be patience , we grow out of it and mature.
so you've gotta decide right here and now.
A combination of it.Girls love a person w/ good heart and at the same time w/ good looks..........
I have no idea what to get her!
If he's THAT bad, and counseling isn't an option ... just TELL him!!
So I wish you the best of luck in your life and your other half
put some anger behind your voice.
It is OK as long as she isn't a dude!
It Sounds like you've got a good chance.
Columbus did and he only sank 1 ship, right?
smile you have a lot to look forward to in life
do you want to sleep with him?
Or maybe some post-partum depression or worried about getting pregnant so soon after just having a baby.
Tell her U WANNA GO OUT WITH ME???
I spent 5,000 on my dress!
The one who makes you feel special, of course!!
wht can you do about it.
u could but wait and think about it .
How MANY TIMES WILL THIS BE ASKED?!?!?!
Yes it is important in a relationship .
first of all, think about the way you act with him.
or a guy who paints his nails and drives a lexus?
Are you being nice to her?
Dude That is what I call LUST...
for religious reasons , there are so many people that are not as strong as you are.
now I've never had this type of connection with another person like that.
look it up in the dictionary!
I don't know if you mean will I ever have an affair or will I ever get over it?
Just to find what my girlfriend thinks about me
Boys do it all the time, Why not the other way around?
She is going to get jealous of your mom?
simply you go to USA so that you can get a Wife from USA
LOVE IS a WARM FEELING INSIDE OF YOU!!!
it will have an effect on your next sex session.
If I where you, I wouldn't play his little games.
Be yourself, DON'T ask her how her day was....what if it stunk?
From what I 'm guessing, you just want to talk to a girl?
And I am not donating it!
don't try to make him into something he's already not.
Watch the movie The Wedding Crashers and learn :)
start with.....what if I asked xxx to join us in bed?
Of course , the man that makes me special!
you ca feel it at the moment.
He was jealous, needy, He would get mad if I talked to anyone.
just chilling with ur true friends and go shopping.
i started to become jealous of this guy that she started to be with a lot at work.
Can tell me what would be your dream girlfriend and her personality.
Should I just dump this girl?
I don't know why she would be so jealous of YOUR SISTER.
Well, I do know about other guys, but its kinda nice to have a lady approach me,
no way flaunt what uve got girls rub it in the other girls faces.
Does she love him or even like him for any reason?
OK, I care if I sound rude, you need to get this in your brain.
He gave His life, What more could He give?
I can tell you right now he is an ass hole!
; ) And NO I will NOT share her.
Because you will just have problems.
Children playing that game...not the both of you.
You don't know what type of person, but if you keep your personal info.
well if I like the guy and it is a romntice night any time
y would you get mad at you ?
he dribbles... he shoots... he scores... 2 points...
i've clambaked my bathroom w/ my grandma.
wait If you guys are meant to end up together , it'll happen .
Do yourself a favor and WAIT!
the key thing in a man's mind .
You love your daughter , so give her your blessings!!!
Go When you have classes,
Guys are just a lot shyer these days.
or maybe they like the style.
no matter what your actual age is, admit what you have done is immature.
16,i wish I could have been waiting.
1st of all,dont kiss her if she has had a bad day.
Most young guys I know like dating older women.
C'mon ladies- does penis size really matter?
just relax and be nice (duh)
hmmm yea its true.if u do mind......wanna kiss u!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i want to say that you are a one of a kind.
i'm sorry, I'm only into lazy lovers and you don't qualify!
i just recently lost my virgnity and I am 17 . I waited that long time to have sex.
when you find free time , win some money . Then buy the books , but do miss out on your classes.
i dunt understand your question man .
just say I just want to now!Do you like me as a friend or something else ?
she'll find out in the long run , just like I did.
i couldnt sleep and she said she loved me but she was so confused and she started to cry.
HMMMMMMMMM I THINK YOU MIGHT BE GAY.
even though you know that you need to.
That would probably make it all OK.
i think Reaky yes, maybe he was busy, take it easy.
if she's got bail money, she fine by me.
DO NOT tell her anything negative about your wife, EVER.
How do I get her to forgive me for this misdeed done?
when you regret doing it after your done.
b. Listen to your heart :p c. listen to your hormones.
Just see her in person and tell out
is he a lot older than you?
of course , it depends on what relation you are looking for .
Wear a sign that says Hi!
I don't believe in playing games, I hate it when guys do that to me.
(or w/e) p.s gurl how old r u ?
Try to watch her to see what kind of things she likes to do, watch, talk about, eat, etc.
